Alright guys, so here we are all set for the
First Quarter Final of ICSCI A
Lomard Brokers Premier League 2026.
This First Quarter Final Is In Between
Team AS & Team Ipop Super Joints. Team
Super Joints Have One The Toss And They Have
Elected to Field First
All set to the first ball Krish the bowler right
arm over the wicket it was almost a full
Tossed delivery but could not connect
Started with the dot ball
Wanted to drive the next ball. Again
no contact. Two balls, both dots
Niranjan and KD have come to open for Team SK.
Suraj Yadav is bowling for the side.
Niranjan on strike facing Suraj. This is the
First over we have just begun with the day.
This is the first quiet final going on.
Next delivery and cut it here.
The ball is going to the third fielder. First
Run coming here. Niranjan of the Mark V
Single strike goes to KD now
Decent start so far here for this over
By Suraj Yadav
Next ball and he drives it towards covers.
Trying to find a gap but fielder is present
We will easily stop any more runs
Yes, one run is taken here and KD too.
Getting off the mark on the very first ball
Nice drive but the fielder was there.
Only one run was scored
O!
Butt's attempt missed there Niranjan and
Another dot ball in this over, the ball bounces.
Another dot straight into the wicketkeeper's hands
Ball five balls already from this over two
Rans on the Board
One More Ball to Go
Full toss delivery shot is good to the fielder
A little earlier due to more bounce
Boundary: The first boundary comes in the first over.
Niranjan played a brilliant shot on the last ball.
No mistakes with the bat, full advantage fell
picked up that full toss ball and the fielder
Definitely he felt that ah ball
Will be able to stop it but the extra bounce we got
Because of that it was too much to stop there.
It became difficult and the ball crossed the boundary line for four
For runs. The first over is over and the team
S's score is 6 runs without taking any wicket.
At a loss.
Six runs without losing any wicket
The second over begins after the over
Neeraj Kumar comes in to bowl round the
The ball went towards third man after bowling
Fielder is present but only one run is scored
Starts the second over with a single.
Right arm round the wicket and half ball air
I have played in. Could be an easy catch
Rohit made no mistake and took his first wicket.
Team S Niranjan singing
as the first wicket falls here
He scored five runs. It was a good try
But the shot did not get much distance.
First wicket falls at the score of seven.
Niranjan made five.
This is an eight-over game. in both innings
Here we will see eight overs being bowled.
Currently, the second innings of the first match
The over is in progress here and Neeraj Kumar has
He has taken a wicket as soon as he comes. next ball
Meanwhile, take a full toss ball. He has played mid
Towards the wicket. Fielder present with one run
Nitin Kumar being off the mark
KD is on strike and will face
Neeraj Kumar's
And this is a very good shot in the hands of
It will fall and the fielder is present at deep score leg
I will get only one run, the shot was quite good
Picked that line and length very quickly.
KD shot that ball well, the distance
He got more than he probably thought he would.
Otherwise, perhaps the attempt would have been made here.
Get the butt across the boundary
Had to be satisfied with a single here
Neeraj Kumar gives away four with the next ball.
Runs have been given. Have taken one wicket. Good
A good start to this over, going full.
The toss ball shot is good and the catch is dropped here.
Oh Nitin Kumar getting the gift of life
Last ball of the second over
Oh almost a good delivery
The second over ends with a dot ball.
Team S scores 10 runs after two overs
for the loss of one wicket
Suraj Kumar containing his spell, full toss
Delivery Has Pleaded Towards Long On
Boundary there is a fielder to stop the ball
Just a Single
Suraj Yadav starts the third over.
while doing your spell
KD will be back on strike to face Surya
Yadav's bowling is right arm over the
Wicket half-holi has been played in the air of the covers
The ball fell in the long line towards three fielders
running after the ball and still
The ball seemed to cross the boundary line once.
that it might stop but maybe there
The judgment, the coordination, the fielders
Maybe it was a little weak among themselves.
Good shot Suraj Yadav, the ball is something special here.
It wasn't bad but the credit goes to
KD vs a very good shot a good boundary
Towards a wide and a long off
And this time again the ball in can it become
Here the fielder might be a little confused.
I thought that the other fellow fielder might have
Maybe we'll catch a little bit because of that.
Confusion has occurred
And here the intentions are somewhere with the batsmen
K Clear
Showing attacking game and somewhere
Right mind set because of the eight-over format
So you don't take much time here.
Can. Meanwhile, he pulled the next ball.
Diya Hai and the ball is definitely going for
six first six of this ball first
six of this inning
A very good shot by KD.
A bit earlier, also we saw a good pull shot
But this time this shot was even better than
The Connection and the Timing Was Even Better That the
Ball Went for a Big Six
Good drive towards covers and easily here
Rotating the strike while stopping at
KD strikes with a single, Nitin
Back to Kumar
Is looking good he on 15 of at with the help
of one four and one six
Last ball of this over thick outside in the
Ball towards wicket-keeper
dot ball
Three overs have passed and the score is 24.
For One
This 14 Runs Coming in This Over Good for Team
24 for one after three overs
1 score for 24 in three overs
Team S Nitin Kumar and KD remain
Nitin is playing three balls and three runs on the pitch.
Making four balls and playing KD
15 runs off eight balls. a four and a one
With the help of sixes.
Fourth over begins
Raju starts the fourth over
KD is on strike
Right arm over the wicket and light hands
Played here almost single towards point
Batting very intelligently for
Hue KD no one takes any chances here
have been
Along with big hits, strike also rotates.
Are doing. The next ball behind this was o coffee.
Good ball, play another dot ball here.
Nitin became
This was the first over of Raju's spell in the innings.
The fourth over is going on here.
And played in the air. More control
Plate shot pe and catch drop pe here.
It was a very easy catch. should have caught it but
Dropped it. Two runs taken for third
I definitely wanted to go, but maybe a little bit.
There the fielder should quickly move forward and hit the ball.
Maybe it took a little time there, which
I think the third run was cancelled.
Somewhere the right decision may be quite risky.
Could have been that third run
And here I played in the air by bowling a bouncer
Look here, lack of coordination ball
And the fielders here rely on each other.
you're going to catch it, you're going to catch it and that
The ball crossed the boundary line in a circle and four runs
And appealed here but the ball and bat
considerable distance due to which the umpire gave
not out
Raju will bowl the last ball of this over.
Nitin on strike and Nitin also hit a four.
We saw that it was hit on the previous delivery which
Definitely his confidence will have increased now.
Both batsmen tried here.
Cut as long as possible
Again, no contact with the dot ball
Also the fourth over is being completed here.
The team's score after four overs is 31.
31 for one after four for the loss of a wicket
Overs
31 for one after four overs
And the new bowler is Jeetu.
to bowl the fifth over
And this partnership is looking good so far.
Both batsmen have added 24 runs
KD and Nitin both are out in 16 balls
Looking Strong
Currently on strike is KD facing Jeetu
Right arm over the wicket and quite here
The game has been played above and these six runs are very good.
Awesome first ball from KD's bat
A tremendous hit on the first ball.
With the bat of KD
This time the bowler coming round the wicket
And the result is going to be the same another
Six
Another six this time towards mid-wicket
Very powerful hitting here by KD.
looking at us from the bat
Now he is on 28 off just 11 balls, one four.
and three sixes
A big shot this time, but the ball is there.
Definitely going to land in the safe zone.
Just a single.
Not a very good start of this over by
Jitu. 13 Ruins Already From The First Three
Balls. Still three more to go.
Too wide outside off stump
Hint: One run will be added to the team's score
44 runs already on the board in 4.3 overs 45
Sorry 45 for one in 4.3 overs
This time play towards point
The fielder running towards the ball bit the full end
Single Converted Inu Double Pretty Easily Good
Coordination, good running between the wickets
47 for one in 4.4
O!
Trying a big hit, no contact, dot ball
Nitin is on strike.
Last ball of the fifth over.
Again the ball is in the over but wait to find each
Off the fielder. took a single for the second
I want to go and I am very comfortable
KD arrives here and shows his
On Respecting Race
And
With this double, the fifth over ends.
And after five overs, Team S's score is 49
49 for one after the loss of one wicket
five overs
49 for one after five overs of the sixth over
Beginning Neeraj Kumar
Coming back and continuing his spell
This time bein' round the wicket and K ready
To the soft hands toward covers for a
Single and with the single 50 is up for team is
On Strike Now Yash
And aggressive mind here on the first ball
set which is also correct. Because now this over
Only two overs remain after this.
Next ball almost yoke delivery good
Played like covers. fielder present one run
And with this one run, Yash also got off the mark.
While happening. And the strike goes back to KD.
KD on 30 off just 13 balls. 1436
Strike rate of more than 230
And look at the shot.
But O
That's all it's a very good catch by Rohit.
And finally the inning of KD is over but he's
Plaid Wonderfully.
A very good innings, a very good contribution
Buy KD off 30 runs only play aggressively
Dominated All the Ballers
very good innings
Use on over cross to KD
Second wicket falls here for Team S.
On a score of 51
51 for two after five point four
Suraj is the new batsman on strike at the moment.
Wide, one run will be added to the team's score.
And Yash, both are relatively new batsmen.
We just saw a big wicket of KD.
Batted very well while falling
He made a good start
Play a key role in getting your team
he played
Currently, Suraj is facing Neeraj and
Played this towards mid-wicket for a single.
would you like to go for another one
I definitely wanted to, but because of the fielder
There is a ball in the hands. The second run is quite risky.
It is possible that the right decision may be taken by someone else.
To not go for it. Yash strikes on last
Neeraj will now bowl the sixth over.
So far his over is going quite well.
Hasn't given away many runs and has got a big wicket.
Have also been successful in taking. last ball of
This over and once midi behind. it was a
Thick outside edge and the wicketkeeper made no
Mistake, third wicket falling here on
Score of 53 53 for three is the score after
Six overs and Neeraj Kumar I am sorry Yash
Biparts
On a score of just one
53 for three after six overs a very good
Over by Neeraj Kumar only considered just four
Runs and two major wickets
53 for three off six overs
Raju Bat on the Bowling Attack
On strike is Suraj
Start of the seventh over
Right over the wicket, he sped towards mid on.
There was a slight fumble with the wicket fielder present.
Is. I have taken one and am going for the other. Yes
Yes, I think I will reach comfortably.
The bowler could not collect the ball there.
To. I think maybe if there was time
collect or if it was a direct hit
There might have been a close call there.
For out.
Currently this over starts with a double.
Rahul Saini is on strike facing
Raju's o outside but the fielder is at shot
Third Man Just a Single There Is a Hit End
An appeal also but I think the batsman made
It's on Time
Good running between the wickets
On strike now is Suraj
Suraj, who has bowled only one ball so far
I have faced Raju and will face him.
Bit Ball and Suraj wanted to pull it
Towards the square leg area but there
There was no connection over throw and definitely
The fielder will definitely stop the over throw but
a run here
Will have to see.
Yes, one run is definitely added here.
It is visible.
Wide
The ball is well outside the leg stump. One
Runs will be added as extras. ball again
Will have to put it.
A good shot played straight but the fielder
Rohit is present. be satisfied with one run
Will have to. Good throw from Rohit here.
And if we talk about this over also, then quite
Good over going
Four balls, five runs, one of which was a wide.
And here it is a big hit towards mid-wicket.
Rahul wanted to contact but could not
No, dot ball, the ball went straight to the wicketkeeper.
A very good over goes into the hands
Considering the second last over of this innings
A very good over in that respect, last ball.
of the seventh over
Pulled to the backward leg boundary
Big gap on the side, four runs
Ending the over on a good note
Seven more overs have now been bowled and the score is
Team S scored 62 for the loss of three wickets.
is 62
For three after say overs one more over to go
in this innings
Good start
Good luck ball but the shot is even what a shot
What a shot towards mid-wicket
A Brilliant Six
The last over of the innings is being played here.
Rahul on strike facing Rohit Yadav
Great left arm round the last ball
A wide signal is given while bowling at the wicket.
Runs and balls will be added to the team's score
Rohit will have to be put in again
Shot fielder present but unable to stop
Another boundary, this time four runs.
Very nice shot by Rahul Saini
off the bat
This time the ball is a little outside the off stump.
But fair delivery it's a dot ball last
Two balls left in the first innings
And once again out but again fe
Delivery dot ball two dot balls in a row here
Rohit Yadav putting on
Now the last ball of this first innings is left.
Rahul Saini is on strike facing Rohit Yadav
Let's See What Happens on This Last Ball
Rahul will definitely try to go for a
Boundary at least
Good contact, will the ball go into the gap?
Yes, four runs, four runs here in this inning.
at the conclusion of
Teams have made 77 runs in eight overs. 78 is
Going to be the target for their opponents.
The batting team has only two minutes
It's time. Arrive early on the field
And please request the fielding team also
Make it to the ground as soon as possible. V
Will have to be with time.
The Opening Batters of Team Epoch Super
Joints. to please come on the ground as you
Guys have got less than 2 minutes now
78 is the target for Team Epoch Super Joints
In these eight overs definitely a challenging
A total of 78 is not going to be an easy total.
Let's See How Team S&Cs in This
Particular Innings
Opening Batsmen of Team AS Are Requested
To please make it to the ground as soon as
possible they are already running behind
Alright so we are all set to start the
Second inning 78 is the target for the team keep
Super Jus
Raju and Vikram Singh have come to open the
On strike and took charge of the bowling
Here We Go The First Ball by Abhay Singh
Right arm over the ball and he has placed
It towards covers for single got of the
Mark on the First Ball Itself
V Single
Vikram Singh on strike it's a very good
Looking Full Shot and He Plead It Was
Backward score like no fielder there to
Stop the ball beautiful shot first
Boundary Coming by Vikram Singh
Very nice shot by Vikram Singh.
Picked up the line and length very quickly.
Very quickly in position. great shot
Selection. Good timing and finding the gap
I was also successful in this. wonderful shot.
Have to watch the next ball. what are you here
This time again the line and length
Ball bit shot but bit towards the off side
And he has played soft hands for a single
Boundary and then single sensible batting
By Vikram Singh
Strike Goes Back To Raju
This time cover drives the ball off course
Slide on the single is converted into a double
Pretty Easy
At Rans already from this over to more
Deliveries to go on strike is Raju
Facing Abhay Singh and Abhay is now decided
To go round the wicket.
Alright, so he is continuing over the wicket.
Only.
O Raju he wanted to hit it pay towards
Mid wicket. No connection what soever. dot
Ball.
One more delivery to go in this first over.
Decent start by Poke Super Jaunts.
Full toss delivery pitch towards mid on
Wicket. Fielder present here for one run
You will have to be satisfied. First over with a single.
The completion of Super Junts is now on Nine
without losing any wicket after the first
Over
9 runs without loss of wicket in the first innings
at the end of the over
With the start of the second over, oh very
A massive six over mid-wicket.
From Raju's bat
KD is here to bowl. But
The way you're welcomed here
His Raju bowled the very first ball and what
We saw a tremendous six runs on the first ball.
next ball
Right over the wicket, a little short almost
Around a good length but the shot is very
A good fielder will definitely collect only one run
You will get much better delivery this time by KD
Much Better Again This Time Vikram Has Played
It Soft Hands Towards Almost Point
Area
Just for a Single
Vikram Singh Exchanging Back
Curly at the non-striker side
Strike Raju's
This halfing end
It's a six towards long on
Excellent shot again by Raju
The Only Difference Was The Direction The Only
The difference is not the shot selection but the result.
Is Pretty Similar We Saw a Big Six on the
First ball here we are seeing another six
On the fourth delivery of this over
A very good over so far for Teamy Pox
Super joints this time a thick outside and.
Ball going towards the third man fielder
another single edged
Last delivery of this over. another good shot
Two ass covers played in big another boundary.
This time it's a four. Ending This Over With
The Boundary. Two Over Gone Team Super Joints
Is now on 28 without losing any wicket
28 for no loss after two overs
19 Ransom From This Over Is Not A Good Over For
KD but definitely a very good over for
Epoch Super Joints
The third over starts and is played in the air.
But definitely beyond the fielder's reach.
Starts the third over with a wide.
Deepak Super Junts is looking so strong
And aggressive right from the beginning. 32
Rans already.
And we've just started with the third
Over. Abhay Singh continuing his spell. This
Is the second over and he has been sent for a
Four on the first ball itself. Not a good
Welcome by the better.
Raju is on 22 off just nine balls. inside
Attempt for a Big Hit. But this time not
A very good connection.
Just a single.
33 for no loss in 2.2 overs, they need 45 off 34
Appeal of LPW but was simply denied by the
umpire
dot ball
All the delivery another appeal for LLBW
But Again It Was United by the Umpire But
Another dot ball two dot balls in a row
After being sent for a four I think it
A good comeback that you know Abhay is trying to
Make two dot to dot balls in a row Vikram
Singh on strike
A Big Shot and He Has Placed It With
Soft Hands Towards Backward Point
Aria for a Single
Abhay will bowl the last ball of this over.
Abhay makes a decent comeback in this over.
Raju on strike
Facing Abhay Raju is on 23 of just 10
Balls One Four Two Big Sixes
Another good shot to mid-wicket, it's very good.
Caught by the deep mid-wicket fielder
A very good catch he made no mistake
And Raju departs he was looking
Extremely Dangerous
and he departs on a score of 23 and a
Very much a crucial wicket of our team.
This is the first wicket for them at a
Variant Stage
Because head Raju continued like this for me
Be a couple of more overs the things would have
Became Even More Difficult for Team S
34 for one after three overs
Pretty Good Start by Team Box Super
Junts But We Recently Saw A Good Comeback By
Team S weathers it to a wicket of Raju Vaas
Looking Extremely Dangerous So Far This Match
Is open for both teams, any team can win
This match from here.
Start of the fourth over and the ball is in the air.
Catch dropped. It's a good catch if you catch it
So. During this time, two runs are completed here.
Happened. Good running between the wickets. The
New batsman is Rohit Yadav currently at the
Non-striker's end.
And for the next match win in between team
Marsh Titans and WTW Warriors.
I request the captains of both the teams
To please come for the toss.
Team Marsh Titans & WTW
Warriors. I request the captains of both
The teams to please be present for the toss.
Mars Titans and WTW
Warriors captain if you can hear me
If yes, please come for the toss.
Fourth over underway here.
And meanwhile a wide wide was scored.
Re-bowling the ball will be added to the extras
Yash Bisht is bowling
And on strike is Vikram Singh Vikram
Singh is also looking good so far. He is
On 13 of eight with the help of two boundaries.
Right arm over the wicket by Yash. It's a good
Shot. The ball is in for a while but
Definitely land it in the safe zone towards
Mid wicket. Just a single and strike goes
Now to Rohit Yadav. Will Be Facing First
Inning of individual innings.
Rohit Yadav facing Yash.
and good shot good connection fielder towards the
Corner
And Rohit getting off the mark with the single
O bit slow one kept the ball back a little bit
And it was a bit difficult for Vikram
Singh to reach the ball on time definitely it
Was a Kind of Surprise for Him.
It's a dot ball.
Short length ball ted towards. it could be a
Very good catch. it could probably be the best
Catch so far of this match.
Hi
All right. So we are going for the toss for the
Second match which is in between Marsh
Titans and WT2 Warriors v
Are the captains of both the teams. we also
Have the umpire with the coin in his hands.
And here we go for the toss.
Here we go for the toss.
Hades the Call End
Tails' team is one of the WTW Warriors.
toss
And what the Captain is saying that they need to
Minutes to Confirm and It's Completely
fine
Coming back to our match now we have done with
Four Overs and the Score of Team Epoch Super
Joints so far is 42 for one.
This at Rans coming in this fourth over. Which
Was Been Bowled By Y Pist.
Pretty decent over.
42 for one after four overs, eight-wicket Super
Jaunts. Need 36 of 24 balls, which is
Pretty pretty much worthy, pretty easily
Chaible. And another good thing about them is that
They have got a lot of wickets already in
There Hands
36 off 24 their current run rate is
Above 10 which is another good thing so run rate
Has Not Been An Issue Wickets Have Not Been
N Issue
Team S is continuously looking for some
Quick wickets and not just that they also
Want some overs you know with less rans so they
I want to consider as little as possible.
So far Epoch Super Junts is definitely
Dominating in this match
K Coming back on a the ball is in the bat lane
Pretty good bounce and it him four
was a pretty good shot of course over some
Extra bounce towards the boundary end
It made it very difficult for Rahul to
Stop that ball.
By the second over of the innings, the fielder
But it was not when the ball is not going
To the boundary and another four
And with this over Deepak Super just have reached
50 Mark 50 Runs on All Ready After Loosing
Just one wicket in 4.2 overs, not a very
Good start to this over by the bowling team
But Epoch Super Joints
Quickly Moving Towards the Target End
Again it's an even bigger time it's a six
It's a six four four six what a st
on this over
What a wonderful start of this over by
Vikram Singh
This time a bit slow one and the ball is
Considered as a Wide
There Was a Small Appeal by KD But We Will
Have to go with the umpire's decision
And definitely definitely the age good wicket
Good catch by the wicketkeeper
Very Good Delivery and the Dangerous Batsman
Vikram Singh to pass on a score of 29 off
15 balls at a strike rate of almost 200
But he played his part. He contributed
Really well. And now ah you know, right now
His team is looking in a much better situation.
57 for two is the current score. In 4.4 overs.
21 required of 20 balls. almost run a
Ball from here.
So, the path is not looking difficult from
Here for the Fox Super Giants. What Team
S Is Continuously Looking for Is Some
Quick wickets. You Know. still they will have
To go for some more wickets if they really want
to make a comeback in this game
KD taking his first wicket in the second
over of his spell of course he has been a
Bit Expensive Today.
But we will definitely give strong credit
To the batting team. What a batting by team
Keep Super Giants.
Both Raju and Vikram have been absolutely
Lethal so far. In this game.
Next Full Shad
Wickets back to back wickets exactly what
Tees Wants
and they need nothing less than wickets and
That's exactly what they are getting now
Third wicket goes down for Team Super Junts
Good Come Back by KD Two Crucial Wickets
On Consequential Deliveries Can You Make It
three can you make it three this is going to
B. The Hat-Trick Chance A Hat-Trick Ball
O the batsman played it intelligently.
A pretty defensive approach single on the
Last Delivery and We've Done with the Fifth
Over as well epoch super jans. Now After
Five overs is on 58
For three.
58 for three. from here they need 20 runs of
18 balls.
This over was definitely expensive, but one
Good thing this over was two wickets too quickly
Wickets that KD brought for the team which
was much needed
What Team S needs is at least one more
Brilliant Over
And if it becomes if the sixth over
Becomes to be the brilliant over nothing like
It but can can our new bowler Neeraj
Convert this over into a brilliant over
Because this is what Team AS wants in
In order to make and even a better comeback because
Still you know they will have to make a good
Comeback Because You Still Know Super Joints
Looking pretty strong in this match
sh length ball the ball is in there can it be
Converted inu a catch no and a very bad
Judgement by the fielder that the ball has reached the
Boundary not a good judgement you know the ball is
Bouncing Pretty High
If not going for a catch at least you should
have saved this boundary
Sixth over started with four and now the
Distance is even short 16 now required
of 16 balls if you considered this
ball it's a dot ball
Niranjan is on a binge attack
and Neeraj Kumar on batting
Some decent bounce and he plays soft hands
Towards covers for a single
One more run added to the score slowly and
Gradual Moving Towards Their Target 15
Required of 15 balls
And the ball is in and it's out yeah
took outside edge and the fielder made no
mistake
Exactly what team needs are wickets and
That's what they've got, four wickets go down
For Team Super Junts
Niranjan so far is looking peace in this over
Offers not been for this over would have been
even better
Niranjan taking his first wicket
Off the individual spell and fourth wicket
For his team
And it's a fair delivery
Because the ball went right over the stumps. so it
It is definitely considered fair delivery. It
Is not at all a wide.
Dot ball and that is pretty much needed for
Team S.
I still personally feel I think a wicket and
To From Here Curly Need 15 of 13. I
I still feel this match can still go towards
Annie Team.
Another dot delivery, very intelligent bowling
By Niranjan I must say
Excellent bowling and if that four
If we remove what could have been prevented
Just two runs, we'll see here that Niranjan
Have given. Of course technically there are
Five runs, five runs have come from this over. One
He also took wickets. Very excellent
He bowled a very precise over.
It's curry. and after six overs super jus
is on 63 for a loss of four wickets. 63 for
Four after six overs. 15 Required Off
12 balls a wicket from here in this over.
And if this over turns out to be a good
Over economically. I think this match is going
To be very interesting in the end.
Shun ball in the air, is there a fielder present?
could you catch it
six runs
Six runs on the first ball, clean ball here.
good recovery
9 runs needed in 10 balls
Good comeback, Yash was clean bowled.
Neeraj Kumar was there.
To Neeraj Kumar
Neeraj scored 12 runs and was also looking
Pretty Dangerous 6 balls 12 runs 1 four 1
We saw a six on the previous ball.
He hit a six and the very next ball
Pe he got clean bowled
dot ball
Every single dot ball is too much here
Bowling is crucial for the team and
Definitely for the batting team as well but
More for the bowling team because here
Almost Run Ball
And then I said almost I think it's
Exactly how many balls now I can see on the
score board
The Strong Appeal Behind But
Simply Denied by the Umpire
But at least it's a fair delivery, it's a
Dot ball so now they need nine runs of eight
Balls Let's See How This Next To
Deliveries go in this over that's gonna play a
Crucial role in the next over as well
It's a wide. This is something that the bowling
Team Can't Afford. One More Run Added and Not
Just that you have to bowled again.
Eight balls required.
Let me tell you it's an elimination and it
Out.
Behind Outside Edge and KD Made No
Mistake.
KD made no mistake good catch by him
Sixth wicket falls for Epsom Supergiants
of on score of 17 now they needed rans of
Seven balls, four wickets in their hands.
Not many runs required, of course, yet
It's a run ball game almost.
Let's see how this last delivery of the
Seventh over goose.
The best thing can be a dot ball on a
Wicket.
And at least a dot ball is what Yash must be
Expecting from this ball.
Yashreddy took two wickets for himself
Last of this over the ball is in the
And the very good catch back again and the wicket
and the wicket goes
Watch KD's amazing catch here.
You have to praise as much as you can
Less. I Can Understand It Was It Wasn't
An Easy Catch From the Outside We Can Consider
It's an easy catch but of course we know how it is
must have been
Credit goes to Presence of Mind and H
Judgment
Exactly new where he was near the
Stumps and all from over gone 74 from is the
Score I Can See a Lot of Seven Here Now
Eight runs required in this last over six
Balls at run: This match is open for both the
Teams in the previous over we wa se rans and
Three wickets going down what an over that
Waz By Yash Bisht
three wickets
At the required of six balls, the batsmen have
already been departed they are already in the
dugout
And One Good Thing and I Should Say Excellent
thing is that Niranjan who pulled an
Exceptional over the previously will be now
Bowling in this final over, it's a do a
die game for both the teams because it's an
nnnnnnnnnnn Elimination Game
It's a Quarter Final Which Ever Team Wins
Will Go Ahead
Jeetu is on strike facing Niranjan.
Let's see how this over starts.
The wicket. The shot is good. And Good Judgment
By Rahul this time made no mistake just a
Single
Next ball and no contact here.
dot ball
Another good delivery by Niranjan and no run
again what a binge
Two dot balls in a row
Excellent bowling so far from Niranjan.
Seven needed in three balls
The Ball Is In The Air Can't Stop It O
Carry On The Fall Yes
O Just a Single
Praveen did not run for the second run here.
For.
The shot is good but I can see to the fielders
there's just a single
This over is going very well
Five runs needed, edge I but C
Five needed on the last ball, one ball five
Super would want nothing less than a run or a four.
Giants if it hits a four then we will
Definitely go for a super over
And anything less than four runs if this ball
If it comes then it definitely means the team S
Will be victorious in this match
last ball
Full toss ball the bowling in and definitely go
Towards the boundary can it reach the
Boundary That's the Question and Not
Just a double as I can say and what a
Victory
For Team
Om
Many congratulations to the team as they have
definitely added it and they have one this game
From a situation where they were looking
Almost out from this game but what a
comeback
And now I request Team Mars Titans
And WTW Warriors to please come on the
Ground for their respectable match
For the second match here are Mars Titans and
Request from WTW Warriors
that please come so that we can start
The Second Game.
WTW Warriors
and Marsh Titans
He is requested to come for his match
come to the field
And if I am not mistaken w
TW Warriors Had One The Toss I Guess
And they had not decided, but they had chosen
And I think they must have been decided
Right now they must have decided it ah so
My request to them is just to tell
What They Have Decided Weather They Want to Go
to bat and bowled
From the captain of WTW Warriors
Request
Alright so Team WTW Warriors have
Win the toss and elect to bat first
All the players of Mars Titans, like me
I can see that you have already arrived on the field
Are.
This Is Going to Be the Second Quarter
Finale Between Mars Titans and WTW
Warriors in the First Quarter Final V
Saw team s winning at that match
And that match was getting really close and
There was a time when Team Ace was looking
Absolutely in trouble but you know the way they
Made That Comeback Is Exceptional
Now Let's See What All We See in This Second
Quarter Final Between March Titans and
WTW Warriors The News from the Center Is
That WTW Warriors have the toss they have needed to
Bat First
Offers This match is also going to be an over
Format
Let's start the second game.
Priyank Tandon and Vicky Agarwal are there
To open the innings for WW
Warriors end on bowling attack is Anirudh
Kandari
on strike i can see priyank tandon will
Be Facing On This First Delivery G
And Guys the man of the match of this first
Quarter Finals Is KD
Hughes Blows for KD please. I Request
KD to please come on the stage and collect
His award.
KD requested to please be on the stage
and collect award
We've Just Started the Second Quarter
Final
Priyank Tandon off the mark single first ball
It's a good looking pull shot and very good
Fielding by the fielder
Just a Single Collected the Ball with Just One
Good Hands, Good Eyes, Good Reflexes
Both Vicky and Priyank are off the mark
With a single Priyank coming back on
Strike Facing Anuruddha
the wicket shot the ball in and the fielders
for it it's out it's out. We
Om
Priyank Tandon Departs
It was a good shot, but I think the timing
could have been better
And It Was A Very Good Catch By Nishant Jain
At deep mid-wicket he made no mistake and
Made It Look Very Simple Very Easy First
Wicket Goes Down for WW
Warriors in the First Over Itself Request
With the next delivery with a long run up
Shaun Ball and Rohit wanted to pull it but
There is no connection dot ball
A Good Start So Far By Any Four Balls
Have Been Gold Get Just Two Runs and Two One
Big wicket off
Priyansh Tandon
Good shot the ball is in the no fielder to stop it
That's one o
Not a good fielding f
The fielding effort could have been better
Rohit getting off the mark with this four end
It will definitely be a boost to his
Confidence
Last delivery of this first over.
Oh there was some inside I guess but the ball did
Go anywhere ending this over with the dot ball
with this ball with this dot ball first over is
Gone and WTW Warriors is on six
For One
Six for one after first over
Ravindra Kumar has come to bowl now.
The second over has started. on the feet
The ball went and hit.
Dot ball.
Was looking towards the on side. mid-wicket
Vicky wanted to score a bigger hit.
But at the moment there has been no contact with the bat
and the middle of the ball.
A big shot on and ball but wait to outside
Off the off stump. It's a Wide One More Run
Added to the score and the bowler will have to go
again
Shot in ball shot is good but the timing was
Not Resulted in Just a Single
Of course his partner was looking for another
Run
A But I Think
Vicky had already made up her mind just for a
Single only that leads to Rohit being on
Strike Now Facing Ravindra
sh length ball a good shot a much better shot this
Time but human is to stop that one towards
Wide long on area just a single again
This Over Too Going So Good So Far By
Ravindra Kumar Just Three Runs Considered So
far in this over three balls three runs run a
Ball over and this time it's a wide another
Wide by Ravindra
Sh ball and this time playfully straight
Towards the long on boundary
Very well saved by the fielder Manav just a
Single Again
11 for one is the score for more deliveries to
Go in this over this is the second going over
On
Half Poly The Ball Was In The Air Landed In The
Safe Zone Again for a Single
Vicky Agarwal will be back on strike
Facing the last delivery of the second over
Very good shot it was not a bad delivery
Almost good length delivery and very well
Fielded edge well by the deep mid fielder. Can
U B N Out? No The Throw Was Way Far From
The Stumps.
And else it could be a tight call. But Good
Fielding Effort Nothing to Take Away from the
Fielder. Two overs gone. He Saw Double on the
Last delivery. 14 for One Is the Score
After two overs.
Third over it could be a very good catch
It could be a very good catch by the square
leg fielder
But It Resulted in the Four There Was No
Connection There Was No Stopping Then by the
fielder
Four on the First Delivery Itself
shot ball it was an attempt to it a full
Shot But Inside Edge In The Ball Went Right
Towards the Body Itself and Went Nowhere
Resulted in a dot ball
Rohit is on 10 of seven balls with the help
Off to force on the other hand vicky currantly
is at the non-strikers and he is on
Five of Five
A slow low of the ball went very too high
Indian O slight collision but resulted in the
Drop Catch
Two Runs in the Meanwhile Taken Good Running
between the wickets already it was a very good
Attend a very good effort by both the
fielders but it results it in a bit of lack
of coordination
End
another life for the better
The fielder played me a short ball towards the covers.
It seems only Virai will be able to hit the ball
Four runs.
Second boundary coming from this over.
Good over so far here it goes WTW
For the Warriors
Both boundaries came from Rohit's bat.
10 run overs have already come. Two
Balls still left.
Small ball again inside here
Edge, however, was lucky. The ball went to fine leg
Towards. Many times the ball hits the stumps
She goes away. So luck is on your side here
Meeting Rohit.
much sooner than you would normally pick up
Come to the ball quickly then
Sometimes it happens that the inside edge of your
It hits the bat. The ball sometimes
Even if it remains below, it is generally visible
Who gets it. Good shot towards long off
Have played. No special difficulty for the fielder
To be able to stop. Third over with a single.
getting completed and after this third over the
The score is 26
For One Team W T Warriors 26 For One
after three overs
Start of the fourth over
Lalit has come to bowl this fourth over.
A slightly slower ball is a good shot in
Fielder present at the corner of approx.
one run
And if we talk about fielding till now then
Fielding lets us see Pretty Decent
We have found no major shortcomings in fielding.
can remove
has played in the air again but but
The fielders are standing a little deep. Couple
Collecting with off bosses. throw
It was fast but not as accurate as
One run and here the batsmen
Easily taken.
And wanted to play backwards here.
Trying to play over the wicketkeeper's head
But could not succeed.
The slow ball has been played high up.
And here the catch gets dropped at long on.
Towards.
Another life here, the batsman getting
To.
Such catches have to be caught here.
If you want to put pressure on the batsmen then
Another big hit attempt but the bat
They will come that well. The leg fielder will stop it.
One run will have to suffice here.
The fourth over is underway and Lalit is bowling.
Here is the first over of his spell.
Slow ball, no contact, another one.
dot ball
Four overs 32 for one
Left arm orthodox bowler came and pulled
Given that a fielder was present on the first ball, although one
Deep collecting with bounce
Started with a single to square leg.
Dishank comes in to bowl the fifth over.
The short ball is hit high in the air. What
That effort was very good but
Could not catch the catch. It was far away and quite
He also did good running. quite far
I ran away.
There is no lack of effort. For Effort
Here we will give him 10 on 10.
High full toss, very fast shot and four runs.
And in the meantime, I have played in the air and believe
Dropping another catch here.
It was not a very difficult catch. Of Course
The previous one was a very difficult catch.
But if you leave such catches here
So it can be very difficult.
Rohit getting another life donation there
To. And now Rohit is on 27.
On strike is Vicky Agarwal. The Ball Is
In There Again. And another catch dropped
here
A very unbelievable thing to see
Meeting. Meanwhile, the throw could have been battered
So there could have been a chance of run out also.
But this could not happen.
Single got converted into a double now the will
B Last ball of the fifth over.
Almost a yorker delivery and a single.
Here the over ends and there are five overs.
WTW Warriors score 43
43 for one after the loss of one wicket
five overs
Lalit starts the sixth over with a dot ball.
Continuing his spell.
played towards the covers
For singles off course there was like fumble
But Still Just a Single
slow ball high full toss played in the air
and could not catch the catch here because
Maybe the sunlight got into his eyes.
Which I can understand.
Next ball almost off delivery but the same way
has played towards score leg area of
Of Course Just for a Single But It Was a Very
good looking shot
Good fielding shot played towards the covers
Human's going for one run or the other
Will you be able to reach in time? Yes, I will reach.
I definitely went for a try, there were stumps there.
I tried to bowl the ball but the ball reached
No, inside the stump run, otherwise I think
It might have been a close call, run out.
of
And with this, 50 runs are completed.
WTW Warriors
slower ball outside edge and the ball
Going towards the third man fielder
Sixth over completed, ends with a single.
The score is 51 for one for WTW
Warriors after the six overs to more
Overs to Go
seventh over
Starts bowling with a single
Ravindra Kumar has taken back the reins.
And look at the shot the ball is very too high in
In the Air and Here
I think there could have been a catch attempt.
But maybe
Which could possibly be due to the sun.
There may have been an issue, but there is definitely a boundary here.
It has definitely stopped.
Two runs came on this ball. Rohit is looking
Pretty Strong He on 33 of 21 The Help
of four four. a strike rate of well above
oh very good ball no connection what so
Between the bad and the ball but still [ __ ] double o
Look at that we go for run no
The ball is right into the control of the wicket
Keeper to Runs Taken Out of Nowhere
Good shot shot played towards long on
boundary
Collected by Anurag
Just a Single
It's a no ball, definitely it's a beer and
It Went for a Four. So not just no ball but
Four five runs from this ball and not only
You will have to ball again; the next ball is
Going to be a free hit
On strike is Nishant
Facing Ravindra Kumar, next ball is
Going to be a free hit
There was an attempt to pull shot and length ball
But no contact, no dot ball
Last ball of the seventh over
Good shot to covers, Manav stops the ball.
Very good fielding effort, just a single
Just a single to end this over after seven
Overs Warriors is on 63
63 for 1 in 7 overs
Score after
The eighth and final over begins.
This first innings left arm round the
wicket and the ball is in there it was a full
Tossed delivery a good attempt to catch the ball
But Not a Very Good Judgement and a Double Taken
Very good running between the wickets by both
The Betters Nishant and Anuj Mahajan
and another no ball another the sick and the ball
Is going towards fine leg fielder one more
Runs added so two runs in total off one no ball
and one single taken
another free hit on the next ball
Anuj on strike, left hand batsman, full toss
Good shot to the square leg fielder and good
Collection Just Single
Just Single
Not a bad over so far considering the last over
of this first inning
Nishant Jain is the bowler bowling
This is the final over
Full toss again this time it was a bit low
Full toss play towards the top corner area
Again Just for a Single
Intelligent Bing I Must Say So Far By
Nishant
Good shot all a good take delivery but what a
Shot selection very well picked up
Very Nicely Picked Up by Nishant Biri
Good shot selection, very good timing by
Him the ball was not that bad to be very
honest
Last of This Over Now
dot ball
Now last delivery of this first innings on
Strike is Anuj Mahajan is already looking
Good
from three
Another full toss ball disturbed towards
Backward score leg area but will be will he
convert it into a double that's the question
And I think no yes.
Just a single run out on the last delivery
Ending this over.
So eight overs gone and the score is 76
For one. So this is pretty much pretty
Similar to what we saw in the previous match
also there also it you know the target was
Somewhere Around 76 and Here Also the Target
is going to be 77
Ah for the opponents that is Team Marsh
Titans.
Let's see how they approach being seen in the
second innings
Marsh Titans Requested to Come on Dev
Got less than two minutes to reach the pitch
March from Titans opening batsmen
request as well as request
Also from W T Warriors players
Second innings starts here.
Fielding team and both batting teams are
Requested to play like it to the ground
We are all set to start the second innings
Start of the second innings 77
Is the target for Team Mar Titans AMB End
Shubham Gupta is there to open the innings and
Nikhilesh
Is there to open the bowling attack?
Let's See How Things Go on Strike Now
Nikhilesh White over the wicket and soft
hands towards point started with the
Single off the mark on the first ball
Itself
And that's the human who just got off the mark
With this single strike goes to Shubham
Gupta
Very good shot played on the gap, four
run run no doubt
Boundary by Shubham Gupta (He G of the Mac)
in style
Excellent shot by Shubham, four on the first ball.
When you take a special shot like this
If so, your confidence
It would have a huge positive impact
Is. next ball meanwhile
Another good shot, this time played at about
Towards. Good fielding effort
And staying here with singles.
Shubham
Strike back to Manav
And man has a good chance here.
With the bat of giving contribution.
To lead your team to victory here
Very high full toss ball and a wonderful shot
It's a no ball so four plus no ball five
Rans added to the score and the bowler that is
Nikhilesh will have to bowl again next ball
is going to be a freed it was a very good
Shot by Manav I must say
Good pull shot towards square leg
Boundary It Was a Big Gap That He Found
11 Runs Already From This Over Three More
Balls to Go The next ball is going to be a
Free Hit
Half Bowly Delivery and Play Absolutely
straight another four another four play it
Absolutely Straight
Absolutely Straight Towards the Side
Screen What a hitting what a batting
Bye Manav
Right Arm Over the Play the Soft Hands
Towards covers for a single sensible
Batting by Manav
Not Just Focusing on Hitting Boundaries But
Focusing on rotating strike also
That's intelligent batting by him
Last ball of this over now 16 already from
this over
shot on the ball what a shot and it could be a
Very good catch also by the deep mid wicket
fielder
Good effort but definitely it was another life
For the batsman.
Ending this over with a single
And after the first over the score is 17 for
No Loss
A big over for a kill Titans
Nishant comes to bowl the over.
Are. Starting with a wide
Nishant
He was good with the bat. Let's see how he
Balls.
Shubham Gupta sending the ball in the air.
Fielder We Can See
Good Asset Good Good Effort Good Attempt But
could convert it into a catch i think there
was some issue with the judgment he could judge the
Landing of that ball properly otherwise
might have seen a good catch
Almost your delivery played well towards
fine leg
for a single
Second over is underway, Shubham is on strike.
Shun ball he play stos the ball wa in the air
But nothing to worry about
Single Taken
Good shot played towards fine leg I am sorry
Towards Wide Long
For Another Single
Another good shot played towards third man
Fielder again just for a single
The strike rotation thing is happening in this
Over
Another Good Push Towards Covers and It's a
no ball
This Time for Overestimating
So one more run off no ball to be added and
The next ball is again going to be a free hit
Because of the fall on Alright
Here the last ball we saw was a no ball.
The ball is in the air but it's a free hit so
nothing to worry about
Wow, good catch of course but we can't take it.
Anything out of it second over call
And let me tell you the score as soon as it
Gates Updated
26 for no loss after two overs. 51
Required of 36 balls.
sh ball good bounce and the ball was definitely
A bit quick resulted in a single
This is the beginning of the third over
Let's see who's binging in this over that.
Priyank Tandon getting his first over of his
Spell and third over of this innings
On strike is Manav he is on 13 of seven
Balls with the help of two forces
Sh very nice shot of Manav and on the gap
Played four runs, very powerful shot
Butt picked the ball well and sent it to the bowler.
Vinayak to wide long on.
for a run
Oh very good delivery by Priyank
I can see he has got some good control over him
Bowling he has got some good line and length
Continuously Trying to Pitch in the Same
Areas which is definitely good almost
Good length delivery and the ball is definitely
Getting Some Good Bounce As Well Good Some Decent
Pace is always a difficulty for any batsman.
o Inside edge the ball goes towards its side
Just a Single
Priyan making a good comeback in this over
After
on the second
Eight runs from this over last ball to go now
Oh very good ball
Ending this over with the dot ball three overs
Gone Marsh Titans Is On 34
For no loss Priyank got at run in this over
And this is the beginning of the power play
And the power play sorry
34 for no loss after three overs
Good run rate so far 11.33 much better than end
The required run rate between the batsmen and Shubham
And humans are looking strong.
Oh very good delivery.
A yorker that is a bit outside off
Stump.
Devendra has now come to bowl. This is the
First over of his innings and fourth over of his innings
Inning.
Way to far from the off stump it's a wide
43 Required of 29 Balls with All Your
Wickets in your hands.
The Target Is Not Looking Difficult From
Here.
Half Play It Towards the Extra Cover. You
Can C fielder give just single.
And I think it's another wide
This Time Living the Leg Stump Behind
The ball is in the two leg area, can it be caught?
O it's a brilliant catch, wonderful catch
Of course the fielder is looking uncomfortable
I could see a bit of cozen there between both
The Fielder
Almost Delivery
I think they have no connection with that and the butt of the
Umpire it better but one run definitely
way too far from off stump another wide
Devendra bowling third wide of this over
I can see a bit of struggle with the line
Two More Delivery Still To Go This Over
Another good ball by Devendra
And if we exclude the wides I think he
Has bowled pretty decently in this over.
So far. One run added to the score. Ah for
Over throw and bit of chat going on between
The wicket keeper and the umpire.
And I request all the players to please
Be with the umpire's decision. We will have to
Go with the umpire's decision only. umpire
The decision is considered final. So I came
Request all the players to please.
Any umpire
Last delivery of this over now.
Devendra has considered just five runs in this
Over. He took one wicket as well. Well that is
The Only Wicket Marsh Titan Has Lost So
For the last ball, last ball of this fourth
Over
The ball is in the air, so can they catch it and he
Made no mistake another wicket goes down both
Wickets Taken by Devendra Himself
A very good catch, very good cotton ball by
Devendra Second Wicket Goes Down For March
Titans A Very Good Over For The Team Warriors
And a Much Needed One I Guess I Can Say
Big Wicket of Manav
Manav made 20 runs of 14 balls definitely a
Good Contribution by Him
39 for two is the score after four overs.
38 required off 24 balls.
Both current run rate and required run rate
Almost similar.
Any team can win this match from
Next is a strong appeal and convincing.
Appeal by the wicketkeeper but not out given
by the umpire
short length ball
And end it another dot ball
Two dot balls in a row
The ball is in the butt and reach too much of the distance
Just single.
So far this over is going pretty good.
And the ball even towards the third man area
But the result is the same another single only
The score increases here with singles.
happened and there was no need to take any significant risks.
Not there.
41 for two is the score.
Vikas on strike. o Trying for a big hit.
Wanted to play cross bat. to the on side
They were targeting. But
No contact here, dot ball.
And the other batsman is his partner who is non
are on the second end. King 33
I can see his name in the score card.
Big hit the ball is in and look at that catch
Wonderful Catch Again by Devendra
Five overs has gone 41 for three is the
Score.
36 required of 18 balls.
Can we see a close and counter. again in
This match just like the previous one.
36 required off 18, three overs to go.
Both the batters are relatively new.
Team 33 currently strike facing Priya.
Sh ball very good shot to covers
Gap
Yes it's a four very good shot back king 33
Anurag
Is his name I'm sorry as I can see King 33
Here on the score card, but it was a very
Good shot by him he pick length and line
Very Early
another shot of length pretty similar shot and
Is it another four yes not a very good
Fielding Effort
Om
Two back to back forces by Anurag
That two on Priyank the balls were not that
Bad to be very honest but the kind of
Shots Section and Timing and the Strength
Behind those shots was something exceptional.
49 already on the board
28 Requires 16 Balls Still This Game Can
Go To Any Team
A bit slow delivery there is a strong
Appeal Shot Behind But Simply Denied By The
Umpire not out given
sh length ball again he has played absolutely
straight towards Devendra towards long
off boundary will they go for another one no
Just Single
And 50 is already up for Mass Titans with the
Single.
The Bowling Here. It Seems Like O
Wonderful catch. I thought it would be high end
Handsome. But a wonderful catch towards the corner
So third wicket going down Vicky Agarwal
Don't Score Anything Got Out on the First
Ball Itself Very Unfortunate
But what is fortunate is Anurag still
being there and he will definitely have to
Be There Till the End If He Wants to Keep the
Winning Chances for the Team
is a current score after 5.5 one more ball to
Go in this over Priyank Tandon making a good
Comeback with this wicket
Let's see how he balls in this one last
Delivery oh very good ball again some good bounce
Was there, but the pace was a bit slow
Less and that resulted in a dot ball. with
This dot ball six overs gone and Mars
Titans are on 50 for four.
54 four after six overs to more overs to
Go 27 Required
Devinder is making a comeback
This is the second over of Hull in the previous
over he was brilliant he considered just
Five runs to two wickets. Of course he was
Stuck a bit with his line but overall his
Over turned out to be extremely good. Very
Good shot towards point area. A Good Cut
Shot by Anurag.
Single taken on the first ball. Strike Goes
Back to Anirudh. who is a new batsman
Has Face Just One Delivery.
Still has to get off the mark.
It's a beamer, definitely a no ball and lets
See It's a four. It's a four plus no ball.
Five Runs Added to the Score and You Will Have
To ball again.
Almost Yoker Delivery Anirudh Just
fortunate that the ball did go right into the
stumps the ball was a big too far from the
off stump
Was a very good ball by Devendra
Definitely it was a free hit that resulted
in a dot ball
good shot not a very good connection in
Timing But Still You Will Get One Run
Now 20 required of n balls
a lot depends on this over
Good shot and not a very good effort by the
Fielder of course you know the chances were pretty
lace
It's a good boundary by Anurag a very much
needed boundary for them because the
Required run rate is definitely higher than
The Current Run Rate
And it's a big wide and the ball is ball is
Reach the boundary as well as five runs.
See You Can't Lose Your Match Like This.
Recent no ball plus boundary this time
Its wide plus boundary 10 runs without
Even wasting a delivery
That's what that particularly when
You know your chances are looking strong in the
Match and you are losing your chances
A very good shot shot towards long for a
Good fielding effort by Priyansh Just A
Single
Last ball of this over good shot but we can
See the Fielder
Ending This Over With The Single After Seven
Overs Gone Marsh Titans and 68 Now You Need
Nine Runs
Nine runs of six balls off this last over
68 to four after seven overs.
The last over starts at nine runs here.
There is need.
Very good shot and good fielding here.
Starting with a single and only one run
Request the Captain of the Team to Team Zoom
Blasters and Team Howden Hurricanes Two
Please be present for the toss I request
Them to Please Come Towards the Commentary
Box for the toss. Captain of Team June
Blasters and Houn Hurricanes.
If you can hear my voice, please toss it.
Come and get it. of clasters and hard green
Captain
Zone Blasters and Houn Heroics
Request from the captains to come for the toss
Please.
I request the Captain of Team Zoom Blast
To please be present the toss.
Alright so here we are all set for the third
Quarter Final Toss We Have The Captains With
Us and we also have the umpire with the hands
Here We Go Tells Is The Call And Heads It
Is so team harden hurricanes have one the toss
And They Two Ball First
Eight needed from four balls inside and the
Ball going towards fielder coming for one run
Only
And it's out caught behind outside right
Into the hands of the wicketkeeper Anar
Departments
And it's not just a wicket but the pressure
has increased significantly now you need
Seven Runs of Just Two Balls
Seven Runs to Balls
Team Mar Titans Now Is Looking In Deep
Trouble
They almost need two boundaries on the two
Deliveries
The next batsman is Dashant
And he will be on the strike I guess
Ikant Hu Is Absolutely Fresh Absolutely
The new batsman will be a left-handed batsman.
Facing Rohit, now you need seven runs of two
Balls
If this ball turns out to be a dot ball
We Can Say Marsh Titans Will Have Negligible
Chances of you not being victorious in this
game
Very good ball just a single now you need
Six Runs
Now six runs one ball
Now Anurag is on strike, can Anurag do
Be Uninkable
You need six runs to win this game
It is definitely possible, but the question
Is Will It Happen?
And it's out and Team Warrior how wonder
What a victory, what a victory for
Team Warriors
Wonderful Shot
And Team WTW Warriors One The Game By
Five Ruins What a Match It Was
And Now Request the Next Teams to
Please come on the grounds for their match.
Zoom Blusters and How Done Hurricanes Are
Requested to come on the ground. Team How
Done Hurricanes have one the toss and they have
Elected to field first. So request
To the opening batters of Team Zoom Blasters
Also to get ready and come on the pitch.
and the man of the match of the second quarter
The final is Rohit.
Please give a big hand to Rohit sco 36 off
Just 23 for four and he also ball really
Well I request him to please come
Towards the Stage to Collect His Award
Rohit is requested to reach the stage for
His Award
Rohit from WTW Warriors
WTW Warriors
K Rohit S is requested to please
Come on stage and collect your award.
He is the man of the match in this award. in
This match I am sorry.
Opening Batters of Team Zool Blasters R
Requested to please reach the pitch.
Batters of Classes
This Is The Third Quarter Final We're About
To Begin Between Zone Blasters and Houn
Hurricanes Team How and Hurricanes One The Toss
and elected to field first
right arm round the wicket and of course the
Going into the stumps but
Because the legs only, of course you point
Appeal
LP WF
Right arm round the wicket played in the air
Very high, the height is more, the distance is less and look
At that catch, wonderful catch by Sachin
A very impressive catch. I did not make any mistake.
The first over is underway here.
And on the last ball we saw a brilliant catch.
By Sachin and here at Definitely N
Edge a thick outside edge effort was definitely there
But the wicketkeeper could not catch the ball.
And a life donation is available here.
to the batsman
And I think I should have caught this.
Kind of catch
But the wicketkeeper himself is undoubtedly better.
must know
Cover drive, good shot and no run.
I definitely wanted to take it but had to go back.
Krish Bhalla
And definitely it could be very risky.
Single because the fielder came on the ball very
Quickly
Ashish Kundu is on the bowling attack in this
First over right arm over the wicket high full
Toss delivery plays towards point area
Just for a single.
And Chris Bhalla got off the mark with the
Single.
Strike goes to Virender Singh
With this single that came of the last ball of
This over. First over is gone. Zoom
Blasters is on one for one.
Score first for the loss of one run and one wicket
after the over
Right over the wicket and here on the first ball
Played towards point. Almost Yoker
Delivery was but very good shot selection by
Krish.
Sachin Kumar comes to bowl.
Who took a brilliant catch.
We looked towards long off.
Slow ball trying to hit big but
No contact, Virender is on strike
Lion
Much better delivery by Sachin Kumar very well
Play Towards Wide Long On Area Just
For Single
Blast Definitely Slow Start Considering
Previous Matches
But I Think It Will Be Way Too Early to Say
anything about this because you already have
Got a lot of overs still to go even after
This over you will be having six more
Overs
I definitely have enough time to make it back to
Increase run rate and score some quick runs
Strike Crush
slow ball
and tried to drive the covers
Krishna on the other side but no contact
ball
Played in the air, very high up
The distance is short and no mistake was made here.
Another catch and another wicket by the fielder.
as a great catch here
The last one we get to see was caught
It was wide of long off and was caught
Both towards wide long on.
best catches
And with this the second over ends.
It is happening. Three runs have been scored so far, only two
Team Zoom Blasters Wicket Down: 2 overs
after
And this was a brilliant catch taken by Ashish. Ashish
Kundu Wide
Long on area.
The last over was very good - Sachin Kumar
He gave away only two runs and took one wicket.
He has also taken
Both Sachin and Ashish have played one game each here.
Great catches have been taken and both
Very good over, gave away a couple of runs.
Only and both of them also took one wicket each here
But have taken it.
If Aniket
3 runs, 2 wickets, 2 overs slow
The beginning, and not just the beginning here.
Blasters also lost two wickets here.
But you still have six overs left.
ball and look at this really cool one here
stopped
Aniket's amazing reflexes
Low full toss paid over extra cover and for a
Single
The first run from this over comes on strike.
Ashishra
Near.
Right arm over the wicket the ball is in way to
High Indian
and he could collect catch drop
Good over going so far
Almost delivery played towards mid-wicket
Area Just For A Single Singles Coming
There are no boundaries here, Zoom.
For blasters
They want some boundaries in order to increase
the run rate
Second last review of this over
Play towards mid on area just for a
Single
Very good bowling so far
And if we look at fielding broadly
But there is some decent fielding to be seen.
I have found it. We definitely saw a catch dropped just now.
Recently in this over but whatever happened before that
There have been catches, they have all been caught
Once again the ball is in the air and these six runs
A brilliant six towards long on.
Three overs have been completed. 13 runs for two wickets
Zoom Blasters at Harm
13 for two after three overs.
In the last over we saw 10 runs which is still
The best over till now
13 runs for the loss of two wickets in three overs
After the score
Switch starts the fourth over and plays here.
Went and found the gap successfully.
Run
very nice shot
From the bat of Ashishra
It may look easy from the outside.
There is a switch but executing it is not that much
Not easy, requires a lot of skills
generally needed
The fourth over has started. Sachin Kumar
Continuing his spell
And another good delivery here this time.
Why did you think that this is why this four delivery
Dot ball.
Played high up in the air. definitely
The ball goes to the fielder and the catch is dropped.
O!
It seemed that catching the catch would be that difficult.
It didn't seem like it, but
There might be some issue with the vision somewhere.
There might be a slight problem in viewing
may have happened due to which there is a little
Judgment week has arrived, meanwhile the next ball
Full toss delivery, four runs here.
It seems almost certain, yes, four runs for sure.
It was played straight towards the screen quite well
There was power in the shot and the ball came out with speed.
for four runs
Now here comes the rascals.
This over also went much better to the team zone.
For blasters
Haath Dhol and Another Chance but this time no
Mistake. Third Wicket Goes Down Zoom
Blaster. Virendra Singh will have to go
Back to the pavilion.
Virender made 13 runs of eight balls one four
And one six. Good batting but he sustained
Innings for long.
Last ball of this over by Sachin now
On strike is Sudhanshu Rana
Slow ball, there was plenty of time, good shot
but fielder present only one run one run
Sudhanshu being off the mark with
The fourth over ends with this single.
After four overs the score is 23 for three
Zoom Blasters
23 for three after four overs is the score
of Zoom Blasters
And another over will be seen 10 times definitely
One wicket fails for Zoom Blasters
But their run rate is continuously getting
Better Since Last Two Overs and This Is
Exactly What They Need
Very good ball
This is the beginning of Fifth over Ashish
Kundu Bing second over of spell and fifth
over of this innings 23 for three the score on
Strike Sudhanshu
And played it finally. No fielder present
Not there. The ball will not stop. Four runs.
Four runs added here for Sudhanshu and
in his team's score. First four Sudhanshu
From Rana's bat.
Shot of a length ball and look at that shot. inside
Boundary this time it's a six.
Great shot towards the square leg area.
The ball wasn't supposed to be very, very, and they
Good bounce but still very well picked by
Sudhanshu Rana
And First Six for Him
He's already on 11 of four 1416 a strike
Rate of 275
33 of Three 4.3 Three More Three More Delivery
To go this over.
Very good ball. Much Better Delivery End
Single Taken
And look at the shot by Ashish is here
An expert in the switch, it's another four-way
The help of the switch it what a batting
what a shot
Now Boundaries Are Coming for Zoom
Blasters
And their run rate continuously
Increasingly Ball
Last ball to go in this fifth over by
Ashish
Good Shot
Towards the mid-wicket area just for a
The single We've Done With The Fifth Over
For three is the score after five overs
39 for three after five overs is Zoom
Blasters
The start of the sixth over was very much up in the air.
Gave. The fielders are definitely standing but not
Reached for the catch and the ball came out
Crossed the border line.
four runs
The sixth over started with a four, so the first
Somewhere some overs were gone where the run
The zoom blasters were not coming at all.
So now we are making a very good recovery here.
Zoom blasters are seen
43 for Three and This Is Just the Beginning
Anish Raghava off this sixth over
Is The Baller
right arm round the wicket and there is an
The Appeal of Got Behind
It is a very convincing appeal but simply
Denied by the umpire it's not out
Full toss and another
End
Definitely not a boundary but two runs
Two runs taken, good running between the wickets
Another appeal behind but another denied appeal
It's not out
And look at that shot look at that shot high
ends up it's a six what a batting by
Ashish Daura
Exceptional Hits by Him Just Look at Those
Shots Unbelievable St
Love
Almost fine leg area, but you can see a
Fielder Just a Single
Only one run will be scored
Six overs 52 for three the score
The ball did not come on the bat properly, it was mid wicket.
edged towards with a single.
Beginning of the seventh over
Oh what a shot what a shot that is one
Bounce into the Four Runs
Absolutely Straight Towards the Side
Screen four runs and adding
Nice shot by Sudhanshu Rana
Second four, a six already from his bat
Have already installed it.
This is the second last over going on. O Cott
There could have been a chance for an end bell there.
There was a lot of power behind that shot.
Sudhanshu's. But I think it's good to stop
It is there. If the ball comes out of the hand
Definitely could have reached the boundary.
It would be very difficult to stop it later.
Low full toss delivery and played to mid on
On off, for a single.
Full toss looked shaken fielding result
Boundary Executive Boundary
And definitely the last ball was a dot hit.
There was an attempt but the ball went out from behind. Seven
are over and the zoom blasters
The score is 62. 62 for the loss of three wickets
For three after seven overs.
The last over begins with the game very much in the air.
Has given. Can the bowler catch here?
Will you be able to? Oh, once I thought maybe I could catch it
Will take. The ball came out of the hands and then went out
What remained?
Start with a single and end this eighth over.
Considering the Beginning of Zoom Blast I
Think the Score They've Made Is Quiet
Respectable and Not Just Respectable
It looks that challenging, also 63 for three
already on the board and look at that it's a
six it's a six what a shot that is
By Ashish
What a shot by Ashish
All of the shots have been magnificent so
Far
And again here's a breed key in the air
Played and this also six runs
Ashish hitting sixes here continuously
Om
Look at this, Switch It is still another one.
Six: Three consecutive sixes from Ashish's bat
Nikalte Hue End He On Fire
Three Executive Sixes by Ashish
Now a lot of pressure on the bowler
And look, this ball also has a lot of chances.
It doesn't seem like it, but there were chances.
The butt did not come out. Only one run is scored here.
Happened
And definitely
Looking to go for another run but
Not going even though I could have gone but no one
No problem, Ashish's score will remain here.
49 could have been the first batsman to reach his half-century
You can still complete it if it
The last ball is a wide or a no ball and
If we could see strike rotation
Yes, but the biggest total is definitely here.
It has been made by Zoom Blasters. 82
Initially, it did not seem that such
You will be able to achieve the score. in the first two overs
We were only seeing three runs.
Two wickets were also lost but after that the
The kind of recovery that has been done is praiseworthy. And
One run coming on the last ball.
And yes, the first innings with this one run.
The Blasters have made 82
It's Implement 83 is going to be the
Target for the Opponents
Howe and Hurricanes will have to make 83 in
Order to Chase in Order to Win This Game
Opening Batters of Team Harden Hurricanes R
Requested to please reach the pitch to
Start the Game Opening Batters of Harden
green
83 is the target
And here we start with the first ball this
Outside ball going towards the third man
Fielder good running between the wickets out
And Hariks have come to bat now 83 is the
Target
Mosin and Ashish Kundu are there to open the
innings Sudhanshu Rana on Bing attack Ashish G
off the mark on the first ball itself with the
Single Now Strike
Goes to Mon
Right over the wicket what a wonderful shot and
Not a very good fielding effort by the fielders
Must Know That There Will Be a Good Bounce
After the Ball Lands and That Much Exactly
Missing and its boundary
This Boundary Four
Not very good start of this over by
Sudhanshu
The first over going on the target is
Probably the biggest of this tournament so
Far That Is 83
which is fortunately not way more than the
Previous targets, their differences are of
Around 7-8 runs
But Still Technically This Is the Biggest Total
That Have Been Made by Zoom the Blasters
Very good ball convincing appeal of co
Behind Not Out Given
Very good shot towards the point area in the
gap what a shot boundary
Second boundary of this over this time by
Ashish
It was a good ball, but the shot was even.
Better
Last ball to ball now in this first over
Almost Yoker Delivery Very Well Played Very
From Well Served I Wood
Ending this over with the dot ball 10 runs for
No loss after the first over is how Hurricanes
10 for none after one.
Ashish Indora comes to bowl.
He batted very well.
The biggest of the tournament so far
Individual scorers remain. 49
He has come to bowl. right arm round the
He has played a good ball on the wicket.
towards mid-wicket, sorry, towards covers
Going ball, only one run.
The second over has started.
Ashish is on strike, playing
He has scored five runs in four balls.
Mohsin is batting on six runs and three balls
In
And now Ashish
Bing is bowling over the wicket.
And look at the shot it's a big mid wicket
What a shot Ashish Kundu
Ashish Kundu What a shot that it was first
six of this inning
17 runs already on the board here
No wicket was lost, which is a good thing.
The second over is in progress and look at that shot.
again
what is it it's four
And there's some special contact with the bat.
Couldn't find it. One run has definitely been scored here.
Good running between the wickets. partnership
Strong looks here for 22 runs
in just 10 balls
And this over by Ashish Indora is a bit expensive.
He has bowled four balls going 12
Runs already from this over
He has also played for a full toss, almost to mid-off.
Only one run will be given on each side
The last ball of this over will be bowled, 13 runs already.
Have come from this over. But still 60
Runs are needed. All in 37 balls
Harden Hurricanes has wickets left.
Very slow ball and also short ball
But not as well with the bat.
Ashish might have thought of as many ways as he could come.
And a single came off the last ball as well.
The second over is completed with 24 runs without
24 after two overs with the loss of a wicket
For none after two overs is how done hurricanes.
24 for no loss after two overs.
Ashish Kundu on 17 off 8 and Moss on to four
Good ball at the start of the third over but
The shot was played even better than that, deep mid
Ashish on strike taking a single
Mohsin Saat going back to Mohsin
Playing one in four balls after scoring runs
He has also hit a four, left hand batsman
Now Facing Ajay Verma Yes
A superb shot went over the fielder's head.
Sure, but the backup fielder is deep mid-wicket.
collecting the ball
one run
right arm over the wicket the ball is Indian can
It be out yes he made no mistake very good
Caught by the cover fielder
And I request the captain of the team
Student Dominators and One IL One Team.
To please come for the toss.
You guys are having the next match quarter
Final Four Captain of Student Dominators
And one il one team are requested to come
Towards the commentary box for the toss
Very good cover drive
But no run
dot ball
the ball right into the hands of the fielder
Standing at Shot Cover
This is the third over going on and it's a
Good Looking Shot Going Towards Backward
[ __ ] Leg No Mistake There's Just a Single
Ending
The game has been played quite high in the air. Short
The cover fielders are nowhere to be seen.
Are. If they were, they would definitely be here for them.
Could have been an easy opportunity in comparison to the
Deep Score Mid Wicket Fielder
Alright guys, so we're done with the toss for the
Fourth Quarter Final Between Prudent
Dominators and One IL One Team The News
From the center is one I'll one team have one the
Toss and they have elected to field first.
I'm sorry bad first. I am really sorry
Bat First One One Team The Toss And They Will
Bat First
Three overs gone when Hurricanes are on 28 for
One still needs 55 runs of 30 balls
Shun Ball and Look at the Shot Played Right
Towards the backward square leg area for
A Big Six
Sachin Kumar What a shot that was
Mosin I'm sorry Mosin what a great fool
Shot by Him
First Six by Him
15 off seven balls strike rate of more than
The fourth over is going on here. Sumit etc.
Are bowling.
very good shot the ball is in the air and
There were some chances and some kind of understanding and I think
That's what exactly was running in the
mind you know that cover fielder
The Catch Was in My Opinion
But still it's life as a batsman for Moss
Already Looking Dangerous
Played it towards fine leg. No chance
For any fielder. Four runs.
Sachin Kumar
Relatively new to batsman he is currently
on one
Still Two More Deliveries To Go In This Over
Full toss delivery played it towards back
Square leg area just for a single
One more one more ball still to go
already 13 runs from this over
And look at the two shot again another six by
Mo seconds for him now what a batting
Buy Him Now Is On 22 Of Just 10 Ball One
For Two Big Sixes
What a batting by him ending this over with
Six four overs gone how done Harik on 47
For One
Four overs gone 47 for one
36 required of 24 balls if both the
Batters Sachin and Mosin Continue in the Same
Fashion.
The Things Are Definitely Not Looking So
Difficult for them.
On bowling attack Ajay Verma continues his spell
Byng's second over of spell and fifth over of
this inning
Fifth over begins
And look at the shot the ball is Indian not so
Good reflex the fielder was I'm not noisy
That Ready for That to Come Towards
The shot was good but of the ball in there always
Risky Shot to Play
Strong Bottom Hand
In the fifth over, Ajay Verma has so far bowled.
really well in the previous over he just gave
Four runs, one wicket as well let see what he
Dus in this over
Because what he needs is a wicket, how day
Harry's Currently Looking So Strong
35 required off 23 balls
Ajay bowling round the wicket this time
A big shot on a length ball played towards fine
Leg and no stopping four runs four runs
50 is up sir out case
Hari K. touching the 50 run mark here
Score Now
In 4.2
And look at the shot played absolutely
Straight Not Too Much of Strength Behind
That shot easily collected by the fielder just
A Single
53 for one in 4.3 overs now give 30 runs of 21
Balls
30 off 21 required on strike Sachin
Kumar
Very good shot but again the ball was in there
And again kind of similar result by the
short cover fielder
It was another chance for him to catch that
Forest Butte
again drop
Two More Balls to Go in the
very good shot
Some appeal but it's it's a wide so there was
No connection between the bat and ball, one run
Added to the Score
two to two
And look at that shot a flick on square
Leg ball out Very good catch by the team squad
Leg fielder Moss and Hughes wicket
Wicket goes down he made 27 of 13 balls to
First to Six a Major Blow for Han Hari
It's a big wicket for Ajay Verma and his team
55 5 for 2 in 4.5 overs
What they need is 28 more runs in 19 balls
Which is not looking a difficult from
Here But Even How Hurricanes Will Have to Keep
their wickets intact
They really want to chase this target down and
What Ajay Verma: Team Needs Some Wickets
So they can put some pressure on Zoom on how
Hurricanes
And just like the previous two matches this
match is also pretty much on for both the
Teams Any Team Can Win This Game From Here
Next ball from Ajay and here he bowls lightly.
The batsman wanted to flick it. Any
No contact. Dot ball.
With this dot ball, five overs complete and eight runs.
Eight runs came from this wicket and also from this over
with one wicket 55 for the loss of two wickets
Score 55 for two after five overs
five overs
Start of the sixth over
Ashish came to bowl. Will it be a catch?
And this catch drop.
There was no difficult catch. It's too much to hold
It was necessary here. Consistently looking for wickets
have zoom blasters and so if you
If you drop a catch, things will get worse.
It will become difficult and it is said that
Catches win the matches.
Now there is a replacement of the fielder.
I can see Kris Long off
Full toss not a good connection dot ball
16 of 27 Required Now
Another Good Delivery by Ashishra
And this time it's wide one run added to the
Score Now the Difference is 26
5.3 overs
o not very good connection going to leg just
A Single
14 of 25
Aniket and Sachin Kumar are there on the pitch
On strike is Sachin facing Ashish Indora
And the ball is in there can it be caught no the
The ball is reaching the boundary pretty
Easy. Yes. Four Runs Added Now the Difference Is
21 of 13.
Still it's a battle, still there is a
Competition going on. Still This Game Is Open
For both the teams.
21 runs off 13 balls 62
For Two After 5.5
Good Shot
And Easily Collected by Kris
Ending this over with a single six over gone
Hari on 63
Two
20 required of 12 balls
This question and this over is going to be
Crucial
And we can have a clear picture of this
Match in the second last over if we reach that
If we reach the last over I'm sorry. So V
Can have a clear picture in the last over.
This over may be that deciding factor up to
Some good extent.
Second last over 20 recorded off 12 balls
Sudhanshu Rana starts the seven-over bowling
Have come to do it.
Take the outside edge and the ball going towards
Third man fielder starts with the single.
Let's talk about Sudhanshu Rana's last over.
His last over was okay.
It has to be seen what kind of ball will be bowled in this over.
Let's bowl. very much
Important over for both the teams.
Oh it's a dot ball.
19 of 10 Required.
pressure a little bit here how and hari
More visible above.
Sh ball and the ball is in the air can it become
Very good catch, wonderful catch by the fielder
How Hari losing his third wicket
Sudhanshu Rana took this wicket, Aniket
He went back to the pavilion and scored just one run.
19 runs needed in nine balls
Anish is the new batsman in.
will face while handling the strike
Sudhanshu needs 19 from nine balls
Very good ball. No contact was made
There in the ball and bat. Another dot
ball.
19 needed in eight. Very good shot. But
The fielder is present. Work from only one run
Will have to run it. Good fielding and very
Good throw too.
18 runs needed in 7 balls
And things are looking quite difficult here now.
Harden for the Hurricanes. must be praised
Of Sutanshu. A pretty good over still goes
It happened to him. Will bowl the last ball of this over.
Sh ball the ball is in there and the catch is
drop before he had more than
I took a good catch, I took a difficult catch.
But this one was scored while dropping the catch.
It has definitely come, but things are still here
Howe looks a bit tough for Hurricanes
It happened because now they need it in the last over
17 runs
17 required of six balls.
The score after seven overs is 66 for three.
17 runs needed in last six balls
How Done Hurricanes Can They Make It Aneesh End
Sachin
High full toss delivery and this no ball and ball
It went out for four runs. ho five runs first
It would be wrong to say on the ball because the first ball
It hasn't even been bowled yet, but five runs have been scored.
Are. The ball will have to be thrown again. Not at all a
Good start by the binge end.
Five run bonus available here
And that means now you need 12 more runs to complete the innings.
Six balls intact
And at the same time this ball is a free hit i.e.
You can play freely. There is no chance of getting out
You don't have any special fear.
And I think it's another no ball. yes another no
Ball.
Another no ball. So, the margin of victory is now more.
Getting smaller, you now need 11 runs and six.
Six balls completely in your bag.
And also the free hit
It is still active.
Free Hit
Six balls remaining and 11 runs needed now.
Is. If the match slips from here
Team Zoom Blasters will be very sad.
Them.
Take outside and the ball is going towards
third man fielder good fielding just a
Single: 10 runs needed in five balls
Look, the match is still between both the teams.
It is open for anyone but whatever amount is there here
were needed in the beginning. the edge there
What it was looked like a heavy set of Zoom Blasters.
Was. But now this match is between both
Somewhere equal 50-50 for the teams
If I say so, it will not be wrong.
10 runs can definitely be scored in five balls.
Are. Anish and Sachin will try here
If a half boundary is hit quickly
There will be some pressure in the next one or two balls.
There is a lot on him, he should also be released.
Nice full shot, tried to play in the gap
But the fielder is at deep square leg
You will get only one run here and one run here
The bowlers will not mind at all.
A very nice ball. Another dot ball.
Nine runs needed now.
in three balls
Three in nine needed.
The shot was good but not as good with the bat.
Only one run Krish collects
Will hit the ball for one run, no special here
No loss, Zoom Blasters lose eight runs.
Need two balls, that is, two fours each.
If you put it here, it will be correct and
Here's a request to the players:
Please do not argue with the umpire.
And our third umpire sitting here
His entire focus is on the game and he says
that the field here is exactly
The setting is absolutely appropriate. Brother no
There is no scope for the ball.
Two out of eight needed
If a dot appears
So out here
The case is very tight but here
But a wide has already come. Seven runs needed now.
Two balls, seven runs. At least one boundary
The Hutton Hurricanes must have wanted it and he
It would be better if it comes on the very next ball.
For them.
Played in the air. heading towards the finals
Ball and look at this. Look at this. presence of
Lack of mind. Lack of judgment. ball out
Not a good effort and
As we were talking, the very next ball
How will she try to hit a boundary here?
Hurricanes and their efforts would have been successful.
Now three runs are needed, i.e. on the next ball.
If we get to see a double, it's
The match could also be tied and we could go
In a super over and definitely by two runs
If anything is made above, how did hurricanes
You can definitely win this match here.
Are.
Here Virendra will try his best to
If this ball is declared a dot in any manner
If he is dismissed or if one run is scored then more
better. Well, we will have to see what happens with this
On the last ball. Here we go with the last
Ball.
Shaun ball and it's wide. Look at the match here
If it is said somewhere that with hands
If you have been removed then it will not be wrong. 17
Runs were needed at the start of the over and now
The situation is that if one run is scored on the next ball
also comes
So this match will be a tie, we cannot lose here.
Then how
This ball on the bat, one run confirmed, what other
This is the biggest question and others
went for it but half heartedly and here it is
The match is tied, it means we are
Going for Super Over now
Super Over: The first Super Over taking place here
of today
And the first super over of this tournament too
happening here
Guys, the super over should be started quickly. We Are
Already running behind time. I Request
All the respectful players to please
Start the game.
Request to the umpire to end the game quickly
A resume should be made. Super Over begins
Go. All players are requested to
Please specify your field settings.
Get into position. so that the game resumes
Go. This is the super over this is the
Deciding Over Now.
Let's see who wins this game.
Super Over starts here
Ashish Indora comes to bowl.
Please start the game.
First ball yorker ball. Good start. One
Runs seem to be coming here. Very
Good ball by Ashish Indora.
On strike is Mosin Dev already seen
What Mosin can do is what he has done for him
Team
Score 27 off 13 balls, two sixes. Late C
What he does in this super over role is even
More Crucial.
And look at that one. we got clean ball
Mason is out on the first ball himself.
Going for a golden duck in this super over.
major
Exactly Not Expected by the Team
O almost there almost there in the stumps
Another dot ball, very good bowling so far bye.
Ashish Gaura
Three balls and just one run conceded to
Wicket of Mosin also on the previous
Delivery
Another good ball seems like a single only
It's wide one run to the score
And look shot, but we have a fielder there.
Stop It Just a Single Only Single from
Nothing much has come yet, howdy Mary
Continuous efforts have been made to
Not even a single boundary credit must go
To Ashish Indora
Another attempt for a boundary but very good
Good fielding it seems like a double end
Successfully completing it. on the third street
Poor fielding as he goes
Of. Three runs came. If not four at least
Three. Seven rants seven rants from this over.
It Is Going to Be the Target for Zoom
Blasters. which of course does not look
like challenging targets but still you have
At least something to defend.
At is the target for Zoom Blasters.
Zoom Blasters batsman please come
On the field. Both of the Zoom Blasters
Batsman please come to the field.
First ball and Ashish Indora is here.
Are on strike. No chance to run away
No, because the ball did not hit the bat. Eight
The target is runs which you have to score in five balls.
Must be completed in. If this match
Have to win and qualify for the next one.
Full toss ball and these six runs
Brilliant shot by Ashish towards long on
Boundary It's a Big Six
Only two runs needed and four balls to your side
Pass Hai with Ashish Indora on strike
what he needs
middling of the ball
Only two runs needed
Cameraman, can you hear us?
Please come to the commentary box. Our
Cameraman brother
Sh ball and this ball was also hit for six
for runs and win this match here
Team Zoom Blasters is completely one-sided
Made this super over and qualified
taken for the next round.
Congratulations to the winning team Zoom
Blasters.
And team how done hurricanes give of course.
Strike their best. they were almost there
To win this game but in this super over the
Things Went Absolutely Different for Them
Hi
And Guys the man of the match of this third
Quarter Finals: Ashish Indora
Ashish Indora is the man of the match.
Request
Hello! Hello! Hello
The Man of the Match of the Third Quarter Final
Is Ashishora guys please give aj for Ashishora
I request Ashish Indora to reach the stage
and collect the award
Ashish Indora
Sh
And Guys Just to Announce the First
The semi-finalist teams are there. The First
The semi-final is going to happen between Team S
And Team Zoom Blasters will go for the toss
In an innings break of this match.
One IL One Team vs Student
Dominators. This is the fourth and last
Quarter final of this tournament. Forest
IL One Team Have One The Toss. They have
Elected to bat first.
First ball of this quarter final a very
Good shot toward covers slight fumble
between both the betters but
Nothing to Worry About That Single Was
Cancelled and I think it was a good decision
Another good shot but in the same area this time
Time for a Single and Successfully Making
It.
First Run Coming
Gaurav Malik and Ribhu are there to open the writ
Off the Mark That Single
Bing Attack Is Mohammad Mustafa
Good Bing So Far Three Balls Just One Run
Considered By
Gaurav Malik on strike
sh ball and a very good shot the ball is going
to the no fielder to stop third one first
Boundaries of this match by Gaurav Malik
The ball wasn't bad, but the shot was even better.
Gaurav Malik
Off the mark with the boundary and other good
Shot towards cover the launch for the fielder
and a very good fielding effort easily saved
Three runs for his team's very good effort.
On Strike Is Review Now
Last ball of this first over and a good one
Covered drive the ball was in the air for a
Wide slide from ball again and again Gaurav
Made It On Time Running Towards The Danger
End
Ending this over with the dot ball first over
Gone One Team Scores Six For No Loss
Om
Start of the second over in the air once again.
I played with it, it was a good try, what to stop
You will find that yes, it seems that it has stopped a lot.
hi good effort
Very good effort
By the wide long off fielder
The ball almost went over the boundary.
butt for
Brilliantly stopped and then the ball in the air
Bar shot, another chance for the cover fielder
Another catch dropped here in a row.
Two balls pay off course is not that easy
Getting the ball for the fielders here
to keep an eye on
Due to which there are caches somewhere here.
Looks like it's dropping. this is the second over
It's going on. Nice cut shot towards covers.
Took the run. Bowling very easily
There are rubles.
Oh very good delivery. It was a low full toss.
But Gaurav could not connect his bat.
Dot ball so far ruble with the ball is
Bowling So Well
four on four balls too far outside and
The umpire signalling a no ball, i.e.
Next ball free hit
And here's another one, look at the extras this time.
Wide free hit is still active. no ball
And one run has been added for each wide. Next
ball free hit two balls still remaining in this
Of the over.
Good Shot Distarded
covers
Just a Single
And meanwhile another wide
The over is getting longer here.
Rubel will bowl the last ball of this over, 13 runs.
already visible here on the board and this
Another wide, the over started well.
But the ending seems a bit sad.
Happened
Low full toss delivery and play it towards
Shot Shot Covers for a Single with the Single
Ending the second over score of one or one team
Is 16 for no loss. 16 for no loss after two
Overs.
16 runs for no loss of wicket
after the over
Starts right round the wicket with light hands
He pushed the ball towards covers for a single.
For
Mustafa is bowling
An easy catch in this third over, no mistake.
Wicketkeeper did not take the first wicket Gaurav
Malik gets out here and walks to the pavilion
towards
Major Blue for One in One Team and Mustafa
Taking the first wicket for himself and for
Team Kaurava scored nine runs in nine balls.
with the help of a four
And another wicket goes down to two in a row
Similar style caught behind two wickets in
Two Balls Gagan Prince Who Got Out On The
First Ball Itself
Ranil One Team
Now Looking into Some Problems
Mustafa taking second wicket
And now it is definitely going to be a
Hat-trick ball
Can he take a hat-trick in this tournament
Om
Quite a wide ball but the delivery
Dot ball: Sahil Sharma is the new batsman in.
Two wickets have fallen here. One
It was a hat-trick ball but Sahil Sharma made
Made sure that no wicket fell.
Although he batted quite well outside
I definitely drove it. There could have been a shore
It would have happened but it did not happen. straight next
Place the ball here with light hands
Shot towards the covers. fielder with speed
Growing and growing rapidly
Sahil and Ribu to complete a run
Sahil gets the dunk on the first ball.
Last ball to go in this over ribu on
strike
Oh here's another wicket, another one got behind
Mustafa takes three wickets in one over
what an over
Three wickets were taken out here, super
Successful over: 18 runs for the loss of three wickets
Pay One in One Team Score after 3 overs
Not a Very Good Start
18 for three overs
Mustafa
He gave only two runs and took three major
Wickets in just one over
Brilliant Bing
Score after 3 overs at 18
Good opening bowling from a team perspective
Student Dominators They Definitely
Dominating so far in this ball, fourth over
Rubel continues his spell
happened
right arm of the wicket and here
The ball came in a little bit as it moved.
The batsman gets a better idea of ​​the pace.
was not
Sahil Sharma Karli batting and
This is a great shot, a huge gap four
Excellent shot by Sahil towards the covers.
Sharma
Very much needed shot to release some pressure
First four off Sahil Sharma
good shot this time play point not good
Fielding: Can you stop the ball? Yes, he has to.
Runs in the mean while good running between the
wickets
Four wickets have fallen here.
Recently we saw the wicket fall of Sahil
Sharma He Made Seven Runs
And now the new batsman is Uttam
and on the other hand at non-strike and is
Sunny Bhardwaj
Good Shot Play Towards Covers
Played towards mid-wicket for a run.
Hello! Hello! Hello
The seventh over is going on. The last ball is
Yashvardhan was very much on strike in the seventh over.
Yashvardhan is batting well.
He has scored 10 runs in just five balls.
And on the other hand Sunny Bhardwaj.
Karli on 18 and just no balls with the help of
Three Forces
What Batting Is Doing So Far in This
innings
58 for six after six overs of the eighth over
beginning
And Sahil Wadhwa is bowling.
Last and final over of this first innings.
Runs above eight are red. Nice shot here
By Sunny Bhardwaj. The ball is going to third man
Towards. run a run very fast
Took it. The second take is definitely a little bit
Could have been risky. So somewhere it's right
Decision: No runs from both batsmen there
To take.
And I must say Sunny Bhardwaj is batting
Brilliantly so far 19 off just 10 balls.
A strike rate of close to 200
64 six is ​​the score 7.1 overs still five
More to Go. Let's see how many more runs.
One Team Scores in This Remaining
And look at the shot can it be stopped o va
Good asset, very good over by the deep fielder
Just a Single
What a fielding the shot was brilliant by
Yashvardhan but it got converted in just a
Single
O Attempt for a Big Hit and It's a Wide
It's a wide given by the umpire, one run added
And the bowler will have to bowl again
Much Better Delivery This Time and an Appeal of
Wide but the umpire considers it to be a
Fair delivery it's a dot ball
Nice shot and a very good catch.
The student has performed a fielding demonstration.
By.
Sunny Sir somehow managed the innings a bit.
And now a wicket falling in the last over
His too.
Well Mr. Sunny Bhardwaj
Handled the innings. somehow messing up
Innings of ICICI Lopa team
The second ball is remaining in the last over.
Batsman Sanjay Singh
o dot ball
last ball of the last over
The score is 62 for seven
62 for
Very slow shot, one run and that's it.
termination
63 runs after eight overs and now let's see
Prudent Dominator: What is your performance?
does in the second innings
Great effort by both teams
Ici Sem who was faltering in the middle Sunny
Bhardwaj sir at a strike rate of 200
Batted very well and took the innings somewhere
He took charge and reached a respectable score
to the team
Took it to 63 runs.
Alright guys, so one in one team has managed
To score 63. it means 64
is going to be the target for the
Opponents. In Over Student Terminators
64 lines in order to qualify for the next
Round
You Can See The Opening Batters Prudent
Dominators Coming on the Field The Target 64
Runs to Win This Game
Allright so overall set to start the second
Innings 64 is the target and we can see Ribhu
Coming on the bowling attack
Yogesh Sharma and Nishant Khanna are there too
Open the innings with Yogesh
On Strike
Yogesh Sharma on strike facing Ribhu
Right arm over the wicket good ball
Small appeal of behind but I think there
was some distance between the bat and the ball
Started to the dot ball
Oh very good ball another appeal behind but again
by the umpire not out
Almost Delivery Play Really Well Towards
Covers and very good fielding effort by the
sh covers fielder
Just One Run
First Run Coming by Yogesh Sharma
He got off the mark strike goes back to
Nishant Khanna
Nishant ready to face first ball
Sh Ball and the Strong Cut Shot Towards Cover
No chance any fielder first boundary coming
For Good Dominators
Brilliant shot by Nishant Khanna on the
First Delivery Itself
And it will definitely boost your confidence.
Like nothing than such a kind of shot.
To that converts into a boundary on the first
Ball Itself
Let's See on the Next
But he wanted to go big but towards long
On and long off too
dot ball
Last ball to go this first over five runs
Already from this over run a ball is the game
So far low full toss delivery played towards
Mid off, very good running but in the wickets.
And it was a very good throw strong
Appealing Butt
Nishant
Comfortably making it in the craze on time
But this single we've done with the first over
Six runs for no loss after the first over
Team Prudent Dominators
Gaurav Malik on Attack
Slow full toss and played it towards
Extra covers for a boundary
Nishant Khanna that is
Nishant Khanna on N of Just Four Balls To
Force Already
Gaurav Malik is welcome to this boundary was
Punished on the first ball, it was a low pace
High full toss delivery similar but this semi
Higher End
Just a Single This Time Play Towards Mid
Wicket and it's a no ball. So one run of no
ball plus the next ball is going to be a
Free hit.
Not a very good start by Gaurav Malik.
Yogesh Sharma Right Now
And another wide so the free still one run added
To the Extras
52 Required 41 Balls
Run rate is not at all an issue
end look shot
In the gap and it's lus for the fielder
Resulted in a boundary one more boundary
And you know to end dominators and first
Boundary to Yogesh Sharma
Right the wicket this time not a very good
Connection Thick Outside Going Towards
Backward Point Area for Single
Nishant Khanna strikes back looking quiet
Strong in the Beginning
And look at that shot again over the fielders
One Bounce Cup The Other Boundary Another
Boundary of this over another boundary to
Nishant Khanna
Third four umpire Nishant Khanna 14 off six
Balls
a bit slow one almost going towards the leg
Stumps played well by Nishant for a single.
Delivery Plays Well Softly Towards Covers
for a single
Rebo Coming Back Attack Wonderful Shot One Bow
to the face
Sharma
Brilliant hitting by both the batsmen Yogesh
Sharma and Nishant Khanna
Second boundary by Yogesh Yogesh Sharma
Definitely contributing to confidence
well
It's a wide behind the leg stump by Big
Margin and a four five run coming your way
And you have to be again
O thick outside edge but wait to fire on the reach
wicket keeper
Single
one run increase
This is the third over in the team's score.
Ridhu's second over of the spell and a run
If we talk about the rate, it is very
Strong run rate here to end
Approximately 14 and a half years of the Dominators
Meanwhile, another boundary, six runs, six runs
This time first from the bat of Nishant Khanna
six of this innings
First six of this innings
Bye Nishant Khanna
It was a full toss delivery and he made no
Mistakes Pick It Very Early
And a very good shot selection by him
Now is on 21 of just eight balls.
He wanted to pull it. he was trying to
Play It Fine But Just a Single.
Another attempt for another run, but it was
Cancelled by his partner and I think it
It was a good decision. otherwise it could be a
Very risky task.
40 runs already on the board without losing
Any wicket in just 2.4 overs 15 is the run rate
I need only 24 of 32 balls
And another wide and the ball definitely goes to the team
Right in the hands of wicketkeeper Butt
Still under control, one run off wide end
another run taken
Two runs for from this ball and this ball is
Not Counted We Will Have to Ball Again
Want to step out and play good good
Fielding
Not a good throw
I think throw could be fast sod run out
Chances
Last ball of this third over
and another wide
One More Run to the Score
Still Not Completed
Sh
No significant contact, the ball definitely went in the air.
There was one run
Batsman taking here
This is the end of the power play
45 for no loss after three overs
Dominators We Saw 21 Runs Coming in This Over
A Very Expensive Over
this one by
Previous over was very good he considered just
Six runs was the first over of this innings
this over was
Two Different
45 No Loss in Just
is just 19 runs in 30 balls so they have got
Enough delivery, enough balls, way more than the runes
Required
Now Things Are Looking Pretty Easy for Them
from here
But one in one team needs is some quick
wickets so that they can put some pressure and
At least they can make some decent comeback in
This game because right now this match is looking
Kind of one-sided I don't see this but the
The batting team is dominating so far in this
Inning.
Sunny Bharadwaj starts the fourth over.
Bowling in this fourth over started with a
Wide
O!
Nishant Khanna wanted to go
but it's a dot ball
Nishant is already playing on 22 runs.
In Just 11 Delivery
Low full ball, not a batsman, good bowling
And here on Saturday
Yogesh Sharma on strike
And a very good ball, good length delivery.
making room slightly outside off stump
Yogesh wanted to play but did not have the ball and bat.
Another dot ball went straight in the distance
to the wicketkeeper
Good over so far here goes Sunny.
Of Bhardwaj. I have won a good medal here.
Played towards long on. Ribu to the ball
Only one run while collecting. quite good
Very intelligent bowling here
Sunny Bhardwaj became.
It has been played towards score leg. fielder
Present. You won't be able to get more than one run.
So five balls are placed here. runs are given
only four.
A very good over going by. The last ball is
Sunny will bowl the over.
And look here again.
Kept it restricted. opportunity to open one's hands
Did not give and a good successful over here
Finishing off the over, Sunny Bhardwaj comes in.
Only four runs.
Fifth over starts, played to third man.
It seemed almost impossible to stop the
Starts the fifth with a boundary for Fielder.
over key
The gap in runs, the gap in victory,
He is getting smaller and smaller and is now visible here.
Only 11 runs to win. 11 Rans
Required of 23 balls.
Uttam is bowling.
Good ball.
It came in a little bit but it was very good.
Punched him on the back foot there
Nishant takes a single and strike goes
Back to Yogesh Sharma Both the Batters Are
looking very good
Specially Nishant Khanna who has been
Exceptionally dangerous so far in this innings
Appeal for caught behind but given not out
10 runs needed. You have 22 balls
Near.
So far Prudent Dominators only Dominate
She has been seen doing the same. I haven't felt like it yet
That his struggle is visible anywhere. this match
I have not seen lagging anywhere yet.
Are. And another good ball, two dot balls.
Consistent but wickets here
Only if you can take some chances here
Can be made.
This is a good shot over the fielder's circle.
The ball was sent to the boundary
Will you be able to stop these four runs?
And now only six more runs are needed to win.
You have enough balls
Six runs required of 20 off 19 balls
Another good shot, but this time it can be stopped.
Easy by Mr Malik it's a single
With the single we've done with Fifth over and
The score is 59 for no loss 59 for no loss
After five overs to end Terminators now
They only need five runs even this game
I request the captain of Team AS and Team
Zoom blasters to please come for the toss.
Captain of Team AS and Zoom Blasters.
Please come to the commentary box for the toss.
For.
This is going to be the first semi-final.
Team AS vs Zoom Blasters.
Good ball, yorker, played deep
To the covers for a single
Played towards the corner, one run and coming.
Only three runs needed to win o stop out
wanted to play and here
dot ball
three runs needed
and here the appeal and
The fielder slightly oversteps the ball to take a run
Got the chance.
All the best We are the toss first semi-final
Between Team AS and Team Zoom Blasters V
Have we got artificial umpires with us?
Coin in his hands, let's go for the toss
Heads is the call and tails it is
do it again
His is the call and his is a test so Team Zool
Blasters have one, the toss and they have
Elected to field first.
And meanwhile the Student Eliminators completed
This match has been won by 10 wickets.
This match was made completely one-sided.
And they have comfortably made it to the
Semi-final.
Hello! Hello! Hello
And Guy's Man of the Match of this fourth
Quarter Finals Iz Mohammad Mustafa.
Mohammad Mustafa I request him to
Please reach the stage to collect the man of the
Match Award.
Man of the Match of the final is Mohammad
Mustafa
Mohammad Mustafa I request to reach the
Stage and collect Man of the Match award
All the players of Ace and Zoom Blasters
You are requested to please be on ground.
We're all set to start the first
Semi-finals.
Team Zoom Blasters are one the toss and there
Elected to field first. we are already
Running Behind Time. We are already late. I
Request all the respectful players to
Please be on ground as soon as possible.
also request the umpires also to
please be on ground
The opening batters of Team S to please be on
We're already running late
Umpire Sir
Umpire sir, please charge.
Umpire sir, your phone is charged.
Umpires are requested to start the game
as soon as possible already running behind
Time
Request Umpire Here Game Fast
to be started
And request to all the players
Please reach a respectful position.
This is the first semi-final
of this tournament
Zone Blasters vs S Team Zone
Blasters have become the toss and they have
Elected to field first s have got a
Chance to bat first in this match and let's
See How Many Runs They Make Them One the First
Match in Style The First Match Was You Know It
was a close encounter and there was a
Point of time when Team S was
Struggling But The Way They Made Their Comeback Was
Exceptional and with that confidence they have
Come in this game and let's see how they come
here
Guys let's start the game please.
Let's Start the Game Now
This is the first semi-final Ajay the ball in
hands
We're going to tell you all the names.
As soon as the first ball is bowled.
Here we go with the first ball. Right Arm
Over the wicket almost delivery and end appeal
Off behind and it's out. It's out umpire
To some time but this finger.
First wicket goes down the first ball
Itself.
Very good catch by Ashishra
First wicket goes down on the first ball
For Team Is
Not a Good Start
And look at that shot again the ball is in the butt
Land it just before the fielder takes the first run
Finally coming on the back
First over of the first innings of the first semi-final
walking here
Pushed lightly towards the covers like a fielder
Moving towards the ball with speed and
KD also moved forward and scored his first run.
Got off the mark on her first ball
Both Nitin and KDR of the mark were there
Respective Singles
And look at that shot the ball is in the O
There was a chance of catch but it was converted.
It could not happen and during this time two runs were scored here.
batsman taking a run
end look shot
Towards Covers by Nitin Kumar
Run Ball One wicket lost while the game is still going on
He has given it on the very first ball.
What we saw of Niranjan
Ashish Indore, who was behind the scenes, gave a good performance.
The catch was taken off the last ball of the first over.
And the outside ball is going to the third man fielder.
Only a good field will get runs near
Placement Strategic
Fielding team strength is visible here
And with this single the first over is completed.
Already happened. Six runs for the loss of one wicket
After the over.
Sudhanshu leading the bowling attack
Rana Captain of Team
Of
And a good ball here.
There was no answer for the batsman there.
dot ball
The attempt was made to edge the bat but
Lucky the ball was far away
between the fielders
Otherwise it could have been difficult for KD.
For.
Batting well in the first match
We saw KD and this match even more so
Important for his team.
Very small ball, very high bounce
Wide indicates one run will be added to the team's score.
In
Much Better Delivery This Time by Sudhanshu
but had no clue how to tackle that ball
Look at that ball, the ball is in the air, but again
Landed in no man's zone and it's a boundary
Very good shot by Nitin Kumar
As soon as he saw some width, the ball was a big
shot and in his range he sent it for a
Boundary Towards Scout Corner
Have you played in the air
very good catch
Ajay here taking another brilliant catch
He did not make a mistake.
brilliant catch
Very good effort.
Team S and Nitin lose their second wicket
Kumar
I was quite unlucky here. eight runs
Making it and going back towards the pavilion.
And Sudhanshu took his first wicket in this
of the match
Good believe Sudhanshu so far he has pretty
Well he has made no major mistakes of his
Line and Length Has Been Pretty Decent So
Far
with the single second over is gone and Sudhanshu
Conceded only seven runs and took one wicket
of Nitin Kumar as well after two overs team
S is on 13 for two
13 for two after two overs Team S
13 runs for the loss of two wickets in two overs
After Ashishra
On bowling attack
The first ball of the over started with a dot ball.
Very Good Believe by Ashish
and softly placed towards mid-wicket
Aria for a Single
very good shot towards mid wicket can it
Because very good catch very good catch by the
mid-wicket fielder
Very good catch, another wicket goes down.
And this time it was KD a big wicket
A Variant Wicket
For Zoom Blasters
And there was no good fielding effort there.
by kris
This ball could have been stopped and definitely
Ashish Indora Not Looking So Happy With That
Effort
If we let the boundaries go like this now
Things will become difficult for you.
Suraj is off the mark on the very first ball.
That too with a four.
next ball
Played a high full cross back towards the wicket.
One run taken, not going for another
You will find the ball in the hands of the fielder
Last ball of the third over
Another nice shot towards mid-wicket but
Fielder is present, only one run is awarded
And with this one run, the team completes three overs.
The score is 20 runs for the loss of three wickets
24 three after three overs
20 runs in three overs for the loss of three wickets
The first innings is going on, the first semi-final
And as he came, he picked up the first ball and played it.
He is towards the covers but again the fielder is few.
From the ball
Yash Bisht and Suraj are playing on the pitch and
Ritesh Agarwal is bowling
Pushed lightly towards mid-wicket
o Trying to hit the big cross back
Yash was there but no contact
Hitesh Agarwal still bowling well
happened
This is the fourth over of this innings.
And here contact was definitely made. Bat fire.
The ball is going towards the leg fielder.
He came up to the ball quickly and took a run.
I definitely wanted to go for the other one, but
know that the ball is placed between the fielder and
Sorry, wide signal coming, that is
Two runs are scored and the ball must be bowled again.
Ritesh here
Nice ball.
Dot ball.
Bowling with a lot of understanding
Ritesh.
I haven't given you a chance to open your hands yet.
Any full toss ball to the batsmen
But only one run seems to be coming in this too.
Sudhanshu will collect easily
Just One Run
Last ball of the fourth over
And here's the bat
The rest are the wicketkeeper's gloves over there.
The chance to score runs slipped from his hands.
No. Four overs are completed with a dot ball.
and the score is 26 for three wickets.
At a loss. 26 for three after four overs.
Very good bowling and fielding so far.
It has been seen.
Almost runs ball so far, run rate is 6
Almost maintained. Which is not much, eight
This is a game of overs and every team tries here
doing that at least if the run rate is 10
It would be better if it is maintained so that whatever
The target is to be around 80 or above.
If any target is given, it will always
This is a bit challenging, a bit difficult target.
I feel like I can achieve and chase something.
Psychologically it doesn't seem that easy
Pressure also builds up due to this 10
The run rate is somewhere
Kind of their minimum remains here
For batting teams, especially those who are batting first
is batting
Ajay Verma back on attack this time with his right arm
He has played round the wicket and there is a lot of gap.
No fielders present No fielders present
No, four runs
There is a fielder at a very important place here.
But no, long on, long off.
are considered important areas and no
The fielder is not visible here.
Fifth over in progress, one run here.
Easily took it by running.
Step out to play, which is quite in the air
The ball went up but again far from the fielders.
away
one run
The pace of runs did not increase significantly.
by the team so far
Ajay again coming round the wicket for Suraj
Create Angle Suraj
Quite a good ball and but from the direction
Alright so it's a fair delivery dot ball
last ball of this over
Good shot played towards a long on boundary
Collected by Sudhanshu and Ending This Over
With the sing single four five overs gone and the
The score is 33 for three.
33 for three after five overs.
Very good bowling
Sumit Adi has now come on attack in the
Sixth over, first over of spell
Very nice catch thick outside the end
Wicketkeeper made no mistake an easy catch for
Him Ashishra
Team S loses its fourth wicket this time
It's Yash
and going back to the pavilion six runs of
12 balls
Play Towards Backward Point Area Single
The pace of runs is very slow and the team
Considering this semi-final, they are
Struggling Little 34 Runs
For the loss of four wickets after 5.3 overs
The run rate is of almost six
Around six wicket sac
Suraj 13 of a ball almost
I think it could be difficult
Ajay
Abhi continue and it's a very good shot good
Fielding Result The Boundary One Bounce In
The
Four more runs added to the score here
Very important here some boundaries
Scoring quickly is what the team is for.
Because the pace of runs has been so far
She's not particularly fast
And look at these back to back boundaries, just
It's a six it's a six ball Rahul Saini
very good shot by
Six Go scores 45
45 for four after six overs
The first ball of the seven overs begins
He hits it towards mid-wicket but the fielder
exists, a single run will do.
Second last over of this first innings
This first semi-final is going on
try to big
Rahul Saini was beaten there
dot ball
Ritesh Agarwal is bowling his second over.
Good bowling so far
He has done it. O It Was Very Close To
The Stumps.
Rahul Saini was very fortunate.
But the ball did go to the stumps.
And once again, wide two wide here.
Continuous
This time it was too far outside the off stump.
ball.
Its seventh over is going on
o wicket attempt failed
dot ball
Excellent bowling so far Rotesh
Agarwal has done it
Making the rasana has so far seemed quite difficult.
bowling and look at this once again this
Change the speed a little and slow down the ball
The batsman could not pick up and the result was
in dot ball
Last two balls of this over
It came onto the bat but took the outside edge.
A run towards the sign
Last ball of the seventh over
and try again no contact this
Suraj was beaten on the ball as well, ending this over.
Dot ball: S's score after seven overs is 49
49 for four after losing four wickets
Say overs last over to go now
Ashish starts the last over with a wide.
Indora
Ashish Indora
The last over of his spell and of this innings
by putting
And with this wide, 50 runs are completed.
team's
nice shot
fielder and this poor fielding but behind
Backup available
I was very lucky there
Had the fielder not been there, it could have been four runs.
Look, if the umpire refuses then right now
We will have to go with his decision.
from no
Again, towards mid-wicket here.
The ball was in the air, but
Collecting a run with a bounce
and inside edge wicket keeper before
Batsman catching the ball from inside the crease
They had returned.
Didn't come well with the bat but got one run
I will definitely get it.
Another good ball by Ashiera.
Bowled. Took one run. What other
Would you like to go for it? go to another
They could, but many didn't. from the same here
Had to happen.
And now I will bowl the last ball of this first innings.
Ashish Indora
55 runs on the board
And such shots are taken by one towards the covers.
I think I will try it or not.
Whether they will definitely reach there or not is a different matter.
The thing is, we have reached, yes, and the third one
The throw taken was so good that
The third one was also done easily, three runs last
coming to the ball
And 58 is what team s have made 58 runs here
Team S has made it to the second semi-final
that if we talk I request the
Captain of Team WTW Warriors and
Prudent Dominators to Please Come for the
toss
WTW Warriors and Prudent
Dominators captain please go for the toss
Come back to the commentary box
hello hello hello all the best so we have the
Captains of both the teams of second
Semi-finals.
Alright so here we go for the toss.
Hud's the call and has it so Team Prudent
Dominator the toss, what will Sir Fielding do?
Selected here by Prudent Dominator
My best wishes with both the teams
The second innings has started. 59 is
What Joe Blasters Need to Win This Game
To Win the Semi-Finals and Go Directly to Inu
The Finals.
Rakesh and Ashish Indora have come to open
Abhay Singh is bowling
Another nice push shot but the fielder is there.
Fine Leg Pay
No runs were scored. very good
Fielding: A fit fielder is a good fielder
Above.
Good shot but fielder present scores leg
In
only one run 59 runs is what zoom
Blasters Need
It may be a big challenge for the batting
Team Butt has wickets here for him.
The bowling team will have to take wickets consistently. If
Some wickets could have been taken early here.
If there is a bowling team then there is definitely one
There could be a chance for them to make a comeback.
And here the ball went wide plus for four.
For runs. No ball plus four means
The next ball is also a free hit.
Five runs are awarded as a bonus here.
Zoom blasters as well as another
Bonus free hit.
Played in the air. I wanted to play somewhere.
The ball went and the catch was also dropped. Mid
The wicket was targeted. towards the covers
The ball went up in the air but
Be lucky. The catch was dropped there.
Pushed the fielder towards first with his hands.
Just one will easily stop you while going fast
Run both Ashish and Rakesh
Are you trying to spend some time on the pitch?
No that it they spend some good time on the pitch
They can chase this target down definitely Ashish
Capital
last ball of this over again the ball is in the
Oh, not a very good technique to catch that one.
and another drop catch
And with this drop catch and with the single we
Done with the first over after the first over
Score is 11 for no loss against Blasters
second over
It starts here and the ball is very fast.
He took only one run while running towards
The batsmen. No interest in the second run
Didn't even show it.
Good shot, takes outside edge and the ball goes to third
Man near the fielder for a single
He is alone on the on side for a single.
46 runs in 40 balls, second over in progress.
Bowling Team That Is Team Ace also here
Trying your best to run smoothly
should not be allowed to be made and somewhere or the other their
The thinking is also correct
Because both the teams are in this semi-final
An important match is being played and both
Only the teams want that they want to make it
To the final directly from here and
There is some conversation, some confusion, we
Can See Going On Here on the Pitch Between
Players and umpires some discussion on
Good bowling Yash
He also did well with the bat.
has contributed in his matches and
bowling
He looks fine here. Although
The first over of his spell
Sh ball, there was a lot of time, the ball stopped for a while
It came and took the outside edge to the third man fielder.
only one run near
Great shot and see there was no chance.
The ball got a lot of bounce. fielder
Just kept looking at the ball. was there a chance
No. There was no option to get the ball there.
To be able to stop.
Four runs added here for the Blasters
in the score of
Played the ball once through mid on for a run
Fast running between the wickets very good
Fast running between the wickets and this
Single second over 21 for is the score after
two overs
38 of 36 balls almost run ball from here
Trying to play it absolutely straight. More strength
Couldn't put it in the shot.
Third over underway, 22 runs already on the board
No one has lost a wicket in the gym.
Blasters which is a good thing
Abhay is bowling and look here
A light-handed player from the front
A long chase is almost impossible for the wicketkeeper to stop.
Impossible, yes four runs
Four runs coming easily.
Ashishra could not connect the ball
This is the third over from Abhay Singh.
Bowling the second over, he scored the third wicket of his innings.
Ashish on strike for the over innings
Both Ashish and Rakesh are on 10 after facing
eight ball with the help one four and look at the
And he never faced Ashish.
again converting into a boundary what
batsman
Very good ball, almost a yorker to covers.
played on the side
And run one run very fast
Completed by Ashish and Rakesh Specially Ashish
Was running towards the danger.
played in the air
A little bit here and see this judgment, that's it.
Not good, but still managed to get the ball in time.
Prevented from crossing the boundary
Three overs have been completed.
And after three overs the score is 32 without
32 for the loss of no wicket
three overs
And This Is The End Of The First Power Play
Now Zoom Blasters Need 27 of 30 Balls
Not Many Runs Required and They Have Enough
Balls to Cheat Down and Not Just They Have Got
All the wickets in their hands
Another big plus for them
The fourth over starts with a wide.
And while appealing here, but the umpire
Ka says not out
Excellent ball Niranjan, the first of his spell and
Bowling the fourth over of the innings
Nice shot towards the covers
A little fumble but the run will only get one.
There was no chance to take the second run.
Rakesh and Ashish both are there
Strong
And Ashish is also taking his time.
I know it is a very important game.
are not taking unnecessary risks and their
There is no answer to the switch, whenever I switch it
I would have sent the ball across the boundary
Are.
sh ball and look at that ball ball over the
boundary it's a six and first
You are the first six Asora
He is definitely taking a stand but the way
He bad that is truly commendable.
A very important batsman for his team
Is Ashish Indora.
And Not Just That He Has Standard Out To
Be One of the Best Batters So Far in This
Tournament.
And look here, it was pushed gently.
Trying to play in the gap. fielder fast
Running together towards the ball. what stop
Will you be able to? No, four runs. Very nice
Delicate touch by Ashish Indora here.
So he has not just got strength but at the
same time he plays with his timing also
Short selection also.
Very intelligent batting by him.
That's exactly what he's doing.
One more ball to go in this over last ball of
This fourth over now by Ranjan 12 runs already
from this over
All some fourth over is also gone run. So the
Score is 44 for no loss. This is the
Beginning of the fifth over.
Start of the fifth over.
Fifth over, it's going with light hands.
Rakesh pushed the ball and ended the strike
Back to Ashishra
Sh ball and definitely let the ball go.
Ok. So it was a bad ball. it is not
Counted.
And look at this great shot, how big the gap is.
The gap was there and I was quite
It is believed that Ashish knew this and
Taking full advantage of that gap
Very nice
Shot there Ashish Indora
He Never Faces to Deliver
And look at that shot, just look at that shot
It's a six what the batsman is man
what the batsman is
Ashish
He has turned out to be a one-man army for
His Team
In the previous match he made 49, he was just
One run from half a century now he has got
Even Strong Chances He's on 35 Already End
We are in just the fifth over of this innings and
The way he bats is truly commendable.
End
Both the Teams of Next Semi-Final
WTW Warriors End to End
Dominators. I request all the players
To please be ready for your match.
After this match we will go quickly for the
Second semi-final. So I request to all the
Players to Just Be Ready on Toes for the
Next game.
fifth over
here
This is going on.
And won by a huge margin.
Zoom Blasters made this ball
butt 10 wickets
And Zoom blast to the finals now.
See
Hello Hello
Alright so we're done to the first semi-final
Team Zoom Blasters one the game by a
Hughes' margin of 10 wickets and the man of the match
The match of this first semifinal is none other
Then Ashish Indora.
Ashishra requested to reach the stage and
Collect Man of the Match Trophy
Ashishra
The second semi-final has already begun here.
Between WTW Warriors
End
and Student Dominators
The Toss Field
This is the beginning of this second semi-final
This First Innings Vihaan Sharma and Vinayak
Aware to open the innings and Mohammad Mustafa
Who was brilliant in the previous match vs
Three wickets in a single over and considered
Just to Rans has still remained remember that
Over and of course their openers as well
What an over it was and what a baller he is
Is
And this match is also different for both the
Teams Whichever Team Wins Will Go In The
Final
Good Shot This Time Towards Covers Long
For the fielder, can you stop it very well?
Shot to run in the mean taken good running
Between the Wickets by Vinayak and Vihaan
Nice shot but not that good contact
Happened. The ball took the thick outside edge and went to third
Man to the fielder for a single.
Mohammed is going well so far.
Mustafa
With his bowling he consistently
Has influenced.
They don't give much chance to open their hands.
To the batsmen.
Coming round this time for Vihaan Sharma
And Vihaan again tries to play towards
Fine leg area.
Just want to send the ball towards
Boundary as least efforts as possible but
Now Mustafa the last ball of this over so
over has been so good
Last ball of this first over on strike
Vihaan Sharma
Oh good cut shot towards point there is a
Gap but is a fielder as well in the deep point
Area to Stop the Ball Just a Single
On the last ball with the single first over is
Gone and After First Over WTW
Warriors have made six runs without losing
Any wicket
Six runs without loss of wicket in the first innings
after the over
And now Rubble and And have come to bowl
He is bowling round the wicket to Vihaan
Sharma and Vihaan played it with soft
Hands towards mid-wicket. For a single.
If we talk about Rubel, then in the last match
He also bowled well.
Very measured, very intelligent bowling.
were not giving me a chance to open my hands
Easily for the batsmen.
And continue bowling in the same manner.
I will think about it here and try my best.
do. Everyone played the fielder down.
Will be out, very good catch Rohan
Vinayak, please forgive me Vinayak
Going back to the pavilion
WTW Warriors lose their first wicket
Of
Good shot towards cover give field the shot cover
Just a Single
And the new batsman is
The new batsman is Priyank
And he also is a good player.
Contributed well in the previous match
also and will try to sustain that
Performance in this match also and look at
That ball, the ball is high and too much of hide
But Not Distance and Very Easily Connected
By the Fielder
Good Shots Covers
Single
Good shot towards point by Priyank for a
Gone and the score is 12 for over one
WPW Warriors
Run about start by them of course they
Lost one wicket but still there is a lot of
Time in this innings there are six more overs
To go and a lot can be changed ah in
Six overs we saw in the third game the third
Quarter Finals When the Start Was
Extremely Slow in the First Over We Saw
Only three rans coming and then we saw a big
Total The Biggest Total So Far Of Around 83
Rans as well in the same inning so anything
Things can happen in cricket and in life. So
We just have to do there and we just have
To have some faith. On How Things Are Going
On. And we can definitely change things.
Right over the wicket. Very good ball. Wanted
To cut it towards the point cover area.
No connection between that and the ball that went
Rights the wicket-keeper
Very well played by Priyank towards
Covers again for a single Sachin Prajapati is
The bowler bowling the first over of the spell third
over of this innings
Sharma left hand better on strike this
Sachin
Good ball, very well played towards point but
Just for a single fielder to support the ball
Just a Single End
Then back on strike
Very good shot to cover
But good field setup.
Gaps are getting very hard to be found.
Just a single.
This is the second semi-final game which ever
Team Vince will directly go to the finals.
Good ball and equally good shot as well but
Single and they trying to convert it into double.
O Vihaan Running Towards the Danger End
Unfortunately, he made it on time good.
Running between the wickets both the batters one
and Priyank
Sachin goes the last one of this third over
Oh very good ball was looking to cut it
Towards Point But No Connection
And with this done with the power play and also
This over after three overs w tw
Warriors are on 17 for one
17 for one is the score after three overs
Good bowling and fielding
By Dominators
Sahil Wadhwa and here he picked up the game
But the ball fell and one run was taken for the second wicket.
being taken swiftly another one
Very reaching his crease in time
Good running between the wickets
1943.1
on six of six and Rihan is on no of no
Sahil Wadhwa being the first over of howling
Over the wicket and Priyank looking to the side
They Shag Just Single
24 runs in 320 overs
Vihaan Sharma on strike
And look at the shot by Vihaan a big for him
another boundary good shot by this is the
First Boundary for Him
What happens?
Very good shot by Vihaan Sharma towards
Backward Leg De Biglit
Advantage of it
converted into a single
Priyank back on strike
to go this over
fielder
Fields say it is getting difficult to
Convert Singles into Doubles
another single
One more ball to go in this fourth over
26 for one the score so
High full toss delivery played towards mid on
Wicket, a big gap is there and good fielding
There was a long chase for the deep mid-wicket
fielder
And we did it very well converted this a
Single into a double with this double fourth over
Is gone. WTW Warriors is on 28 for one
After four overs.
28 for one four over
Four still to let see how many more runs
Manage to make it to this second semi-final.
Sachin Prajapati
Continuing his spell
The last over was quite good, his five runs.
He only did
Priyank on strike facing Sachin
Of
Sh ball and a little bit of the inside here
The ball bounced off the bat and went to point.
An easy run to the fielder
Singles are definitely coming easily, but
Caps are getting a little hard to find
This fifth over
Saj round the wicket for Rihan but no one
There is no benefit and a bridge has been built here.
Very big gap again back score but
towards and the ball was saved again by the boundary line
In the cross.
Now on 20 off 13 balls to go
No
O Vihaan was looking to hit it big and
There is a strong appeal of Caught Behind
And it's out, the umpire gives a reminder.
Rihan Sharma Two Parts
Second wicket goes down for Team TW
Warriors
Good Covered Drive by Anuj Mahajan
Really Well We Saw the Games of It in the
Previous match.
Anuj Mahajan off the mark on the first ball
With the single.
Sachin Prajapati
On bowling attack, on strike is Priyank.
Look at the shot, it was a very good shot.
By Priyank but of course it was a bit
risky also
But It Was a Bread Decision by Priyank
Had no other choice because he just wanted to
Increase the run rate and it was a good decision
But again, not everything in itself is in our
Hands. So third wicket is gobuy
Warriors in the form Priyank Tandon made no
Runs
And Sachin Prajapati taking his second wicket.
Hall & 3rd SR Team
Good shot, full toss delivery towards mid on.
wicket
Just Single
By Nishant
A clean ball Nishant went another wicket go
Down Forth This Time WTW Warriors
Now Looking In
and Prude Dominator
Definitely dominating in this game
Rubel bowling well
He has consistently impressed. Previous
Talk about the match, talk about this match, two
Wickets have already been taken. lets make a fuss
It is not easy.
Rohit is the new batsman. non-striker
Anuj Mahajan at the end, both are relatively new
batsman
But I'll try to be quick here.
If you make some runs then save your team from trouble.
Not just take out but a total arena
Do it so that a good fight can be fought. So
That's Exactly What They Must Be Looking For
For.
This is the sixth over going on after that.
Only two overs are left. 12 balls after
This over. Projected score according to
The run rate is showing as 52.
So, if they continue with the same run rate 52
Is That They Can Reach. But what I personally
Think is that they will try and they must
Try for at least any total. Around 65
And peacocks. Then I think things can definitely
Be a bit more challenging for the opponents.
And of course they will have to bat and goal
Really well then only.
Pressure, good running between the wickets
Om delivery by the wicket keeper and it's a
Run out it's a run out Rohit I will have to
Go back to the pavilion I guess chat going on
Between Rohit and the umpire and yes he is out
Wickets Go Down
Wide by one run to the score
Good Shot Can To Call
Catch dropped, one run added converted into a double
Anuj Mahajan was running way to first towards
Has and and he made it safely to run on the
Last ball after six overs the score is
41 for five 41 for five after six
Owers WTW Warriors
Save Just
right arm over the wicket end
Devendra wanted to go big
Sahil Wadhwa bowling a second and last over
of the spell and seventh over of this innings
Low full touch play towards mid wicket
For Single
And look at that one Anuj Mahajan a full shot
and center ball for a six
What a shot brilliant hit Anuj Mahajan
left handed batter
And much needed ransom for the team. this is a
Exactly what is required by the team
WTW Warriors. This is do or die
Match. This is a semi-final.
48 for five is the score.
Two more balls to go in this over.
And you guys can continue with any other
Ball.
this is taking some time
And to two back to back successes by Anuj
Mahajan
And the ball is gone outside now there is no
Way to reach the ball.
And the 650 also offers WTW Warriors
For five and 6.5 one more ball to go in this
Over After This They Are Still Left One More
Over so many balls in total are remaining
And even if Warrior scores 10 runs in se
Balls
Then Easley B 67
I'm sorry 64
to c 55
Start of the eighth over and the shot how full
Toss and it's a six Anuj Mahajan is doing
Is much for two WW Warriors 60 runs no ball
Also it's so no ball also. So seven rons
From This Ball and the Next Ball Is Going
To be a free hit.
what a batting mahajan
Right on time.
Good shot. Of course not bad, good.
Previous one but single take going for second
One and I think it will make it good on time.
Running between the wickets both that Devendra
Was Running Towards the Danger and the Non
Stryker End
And he read the cross.
64 for five 7.1 five balls remaining
Anuj Mahajan is on 36 of Just Nine Balls
With the Help of Three Big Sixes
Very good ball played towards square leg.
Area
Goal for a second Anuj Mahajan will it know
But he tried his best and I think he
Played to Part a Variant Inning by Anuj
Maha Mahajan
Very Well Plaid
A very good and much needed innings by Anuj
Mahajan Right and Right When It Was Needed The
Most
Stand Balls
I'm sorry 27 of just 10 balls with the
Help of three big six is ​​the highest
Contribution by Him Biggest
Contribution by him of 27 runs after that
We have Disha Sharma of 20 runs and this ball
For let's see what it is, it's six and four
and six
To The Score This Time By Devendra
Good Shot By Devendra
right another good shot by then but now there is
A fielder in the deep just one run
It's a very good comeback by WTW
Warriors
There Was a Point When It Was Looking
Like they might hardly reach a score of 50
But now they are on 73
For six. Now one more ball to go. This is
The last ball of this first inning of this
Second Semi-Final 7 to 3 for 6 on
The strike is Vicky Agarwal.
Oh, it's a good shot. can it reach a
Boundary. Oh no.
It's a double good running between the wickets.
Will go for another one. And yes. Double
Converted into very good running between
The wickets. So it's 76 What the WTW
Warriors Are Made 77 is now going to be the
Target for prudes and dominators. A very
Good comeback I must say by w
TW Warriors. And now they have made a
total which has continuously been a
Difficult task for almost all the teams.
Well chasing in the second innings. Let's See
How this match turns up. Let's See How We Do
Things are going on in the second innings.
Always the opening batters of Team Crude and
Terminators are requested to come on the
Pace to start the second inning.
Opening Batters of Team Crude End
Terminators and all the players of the
Opposition Team W T Warriors Are Also
Respected are also requested to
Please come on the ground to continue the game
And along with this the final game is
Reduced to eight overs earlier it was 10
Overs but now the final game is going to be
of eight overs per innings this is just an
Announcement to Make
All right overall set to start the second
Innings 77 is the target for the team to end
Dominators.
According to me it is a pretty challenging
Total pretty good total what wtw
Warriors Have Made and It's a Good Fighting
Totally we can enjoy this match I think we
Might see a close and counter in this game
Because both the teams are very strong
Let's see how this match goes from here.
First ball of the second inning ends play
Point region for single of the mark on the
First Ball Itself Rubel and Nishant Khanna
Are there to open the innings, Mithilesh is on
Bowling Attack
Long Off Area Single
Score the
And a very good catch
A very good catch by the wicketkeeper first
Wicket Goes Down Brad Dominators
Losing Rube a Big Wicket in the First Over
Itself
Not a good star, give Dominators
But
The Opposition Team Must Be Delighted W
The Warriors
First wicket coming in the first over
Itself to such a big wicket such anent wicket
Mithilesh
Success friends
Nice placement by the new batsman
Towards covers for a single
Nishant Khanna hot
End
The New Better Is Shashwat Singh
And look at that ball the ball is high in the
here and it's a very good catch a very good
Catch by Nishant Wonderful Catch
Very good catch by him and two wickets in the
First over itself.
Exactly What W Twar Must Be
Looking for two crucial wickets in the
First Over Itself
A Very Good Start by WTW
Warriors
So the last last few overs including the
Last few overs of the first innings and
You Know This Over Collectively Have Gone Pretty
Good for WTW Warriors
Last ball of this first over now 34 the
Score
Play it on towards the backward point area
Single
Who will be the first over?
On Four
Two
Four of two of the first over Dorminators
Starting the Second Over Win
Attack Nishant just brilliant catch in the
previous over
Ishan on strike
Abhinav Bakshi
O Good Ball
Abhinav Bakshi has no clue, tried to hit it
Towards Point Cover Region But No Connection
72 to required of 41 balls and not a
Very good start by two dominators another
Good ball but line was the issue it's a wide
Ball Too Far From Austum
Nishant will have to go again
strike rotation to run on this ball and to
Go Again
and look shot ball india good catch excellent
Catch by Priyank what a catch brilliant
Stuff
Brilliant Stuff by Priyank
wonderful
Third wicket goes down to end Terminators
Continuously Looking in Trouble Give Good
R gating
Down in more and more trouble and now things
Are getting difficult for them now what they
Need is a partnership in order to make a
Comeback in this game
Eight for three already sport terminators
where in the second over they need 69 runs of 40
Balls But The Main Problem For Them Is
Wickets Dev Already Lost Three Majors
wickets
It's one of the best catches seen so far in
This tournament itself made it look easy, but it
Wasn't That Easy How We Can Say It
It was a very well calculated, very well
Time Catch by Priyank Tandon
And Shashwat Singh has gone back to the pavilion
Now
Yogesh Sharma is a new better right arm over
The wicket and he played the soft towards
Covers Well Being on the Bats Just a Single
Batting off the mark on the first ball
On Strike Bashi
Good Ball
My name
Well played but no chances taking just
O gon and dominate no for three 68 is that
they need in 36 balls
Very good fielding effort by the long on
Fielder I Can See No Longer On Fielder End
It's a valid question by Anuj because they
Can't see any longer on Fielder it was a
Very Long Chess
Just entered the third over of this innings
And It's a Wide This Time by Nikhilesh
Nikhilesh bowled really well in the previous over
It's a wide one run to the score
And this Nikhilesh taking to important
Wickets in the first over, this is the third
Over of this innings, second of his spell.
On strike is Abhinav Bakshi Abhinav is
Taking his time while struggling with a little one
Run of five balls. o wanted to play it
Fine and another wide Nikhilesh is
Continuously struggling with the line. This
Is Exactly What Is Not Required
By Him.
Say to Go for the Next Delivery
Slow Run of Course Big and Priyansh Vai
Quick on the ball all no chance for the batters
Should Take Any Run This Is The Kind Of
fielding which is very much required to
Maintain the pressure on the batters.
Abhinav Bakshi and Yogesh Sharma
They have a lot of responsibility, they will have
To Form a Partnership From Here the Ball
Is on the all now. can any fielder reach on
Time no.
Just a single so nothing to very much.
So Abhinav and Yogesh will have to form
The Partnership They Really Want to Make a Comeback in
This game because Karli
The condition of proven atomizers is
Looking pretty week in this match
And a partnership is
something non-negotiable at this moment
is exactly what they need
Another dot ball, very good bowling so bye
Milesh
Over 13
Appeal behind but not out given by the
umpire
Ball one more ball to go now in this third over
Yogesh Sharma on strike
It was just a bit of fire from the
field on the shot cover fielder
And he had almost reached the ball but could
Converted into a catch with This We Are Done
with the third over after three overs
A Prudent Dominators is on 13 for three.
I'm sorry 13 for three is the score after
Three Overs Prudent Dominators
143 after three overs
punch
And very well stopped by the cover fielder
Very good effort by
a very good shot it's a big gap what a
Shot the ball like a close bullet towards the
Boundary What a Shot by Abhinay Bakshi
Another good shot, but this time it wasn't that.
Fine even right towards the deep score leg
Fielder Just a Single
Yogesh Sharma out hite one run taken and
Priyank A Usual Very Quick On The Ball
Just a single to
end clean ball
Abhinav Bakshi will have to go back to the
Pavilion This Time
Fourth wicket goes down to end Dominators
They are best but they are not able to make a
Comeback in This Game So Far
The last ball of this fourth over he has played
It towards. That is not a very good
Fielding of that. And it's a boundary too
And this is over. Four overs gone and tutent
Dominators Have Redd 25
For four. Now they need 52 runs of 24 balls
definitely it's not looking like an is
task but still it is doable it is possible but
The question is who is going to make all the difference.
Fifth over starts with a dot ball.
Nishant
Continue spell this is the second over of
Spell Fifth over of the innings
Very good ball yorker ball and Priya
Very quick ball over and take a single
There was no chance of taking a second run after that.
Near
Where the fielding is very good
Warriors of
And again the ball is in the air wicket keeper
And a very good catch
Wicket Go Wicket First Wicket This
Wealth
Losing the fifth wicket here as well
Dominators on a score of only 26
And still need 51 runs of just 21 balls
New better Sahil wale good point very good
Fielding
Just Single
27 for five
after 4.4 overs
50 and just 20 balls
And look at the shot again
Oh what a catch, what a catch
Oh my God
wonderful
Wonderful Catch
One of the best catches easily on this
Tournament So Far
Run for a long distance to chase that catch
And what a catch in the end
27 for Six Froods and Terminators.
50 Required Of 19 Balls I Think Only
Miracles can do something from here for
Prudes and Terminators If They Really Want
To make a comeback.
Very well shot but very well collected by
Anuj Mahajan at the wide long on area
Fifth over gone 28 six is ​​the score of two
Run Terminators
But a brilliant bowling and fielding it
Has Been by WTW Warriors a Great
Team effort so far especially in this match.
The way Dev played in the first innings for the
First Few Hours. For the First Few
overs, they were struggling a lot but in the
Last three to four overs the kind of comeback
De Med. It was exceptional.
And since then they are just continuously
Getting better and better.
28 for six five overs gone 49
Required of Just 18 Balls Priyank
Tandon now coming on bowling attack will be
Bowling first over of her spell and sixth
over of this innings
Sachin Prajapati on strike facing
Priyansh Sahil
non-striker
Right arm over the wicket, a very good ball
About Priyank started with a dot ball
terminally
Looking for a Miracle to Happen
Are Looking Difficult
Mid-wicket fielder in the deep just a single
48 of 16 required
good bowling
and another single only singles and doubles are
Not Going to Any Benefit to Dominators
The Boundary Really Has to Make a Comeback
Hitting Boundaries Have Been Difficult
Beginning
Good Ball
Appeal I think give no connection give good gap
between the bat and the ball
And the over going good so far four balls
Just to Run Considered by Priyank
last two of this over
Slow One Rive
another dot ball
To the last ball of this six over
And Required It Is Continuously
Increasing.
Again the ball is in there and should be stopped
Pretty Easy by The Fielder.
Just a single on the last as a only three
Runs conceded on this over by Priyank A
Very good over for WW Warriors
And Terminators Now Need 46 Runs of Just
12 balls.
46 off just 12 balls.
And the next match for the third score has
Bean reduced to four overs. on four overs
Inning.
Four overs will be there in each innings in the
Next match which is going to happen for the
Third spot of this tournament.
Due to shortage of time. This is what you
No the management has decided and it's a
six after a very long time it's a
Six This Is What Is Needed For
Dominators
wide ball
One Run to the Score
I think WTW Warriors they don't have
To Panic From Where Things Are Pretty
Much in their hands.
Required by Desi
Follow the Basics I Think Things Are Pretty
much in their control
They need 39 and just 10 balls
And ball on there and definitely six o
What a shot Sachin Prajapati
And what a catch, what a catch by
Mahajan
Brilliant Caught by Him
wonderful
And the big wicket of Sachin Prajapati who was
looking dangerous who could be a threat of far
WTW Warriors Now Going Back to the
pavilion
What a catch by him.
Anuj Mahajan has turned out to be a big
Asset for his team.
Not Just With the Bat on the Field Well
The new batsman is Gaurav Singh
Curly on strike it's a good shot shot
Tried to play it in the gap but of course the
The third man fielder can stop it easily just a
Single
And of course the singles and doubles are not
going to do anything for two dominators they
32 runs of Just Seven Balls
one the last ball of this seventh over again the
The ball is in there landed in the self zone and
And they just took a single. with this single
We're done with the seventh over. Tourist
Dominators is on 46 for seven. Last
Six Balls Remaining and Two Dominators
Need 31 runs of this last over. which is
Looking Extremely Difficult. technically
It Is Possible But If We Take a Look
Practically I think things are looking
Extremely difficult.
The Last Over by Priyank
Pretty well in the last over considered just
Three Runs on Strike Now Sahil Wadhwa
Gaurav is at the non-strike
Sh ball started with the dot ball good
Start By Priyank
31 Required of just five balls even if
you hit five sixes then also it becomes
30 runs only then also you are one shot to
win the game but you can definitely try but the
The question is who can go for five sixes
In the Remaining Five Balls
Plaid Absolutely Straight Almost
towards a long off fielder just for a
Single
30 Required of Just Four Balls
For fair delivery and even if all of them
Hit for a Six Still It Becomes 24
ball in there and it was looking like an
Easy catch but the fielder all best to make it
Look Difficult
Just a Single
Last three balls 29 required
Oh very good ball
another dot ball last two balls 29 is what
Required
Again a ball is in there will be easily stopped
By the fielder, no run taken and last ball
Just to Fulfill the Formality Think
Last ball of the second semi-final bye
Priyank again the ball is can it be cow and
Of course it is drop but just a single end
The non-striker and batter are not even
Brother to take even a single and I can
Understand the emotions, I respect that and
Team WTW One Again To The Final
Team Prudent and Team AS Captain R
Requested to come for the toss please.
Captain of Team Prudent Dominators.
I request the Captain of Team Prudent to
Please come for the toss.
Third Position Match
and Man of the Match of the Second Semi-Final
Is Nishant Bisht Nishant Bisht is
Requested to come on stage
Nishant Bisht for the Man of the Match Trophy
Alright, we are for the toss.
Between Terminators and Team
All We Go Toss
The End
The toss and toss to first
And guys it is going to be a four over match
Four overs will be bowled in each innings
And no bowler can go more than one over in one over.
Is the limit for all the ballers who ever go in
This four over form again
Man of the Match of the second semi-final is
Nishant Bisht Nishant Bisht is requested
To come and collect the Man of the Match trophy.
This is the third spot game.
This is the game for the third spot between teams
S and Team Prouvant Dominators whichever
Team Won This Game Will Attain The Third Spot In
This tournament the second runner up spot v
from a can
Alright so let's start this game. this is
Going to be a four over format game.
Student Dominators End
Play Really Well So In This Tournament But
They could qualify in the
Finals from their respective semi-finals
And this is the game for the third spot
First Ball
and wicket on the first ball ruble to pass on
The First Ball Itself
wicket
Toss to Fields
We are seat dominators batting in this
first innings
sh player towards a backward square leg
Aria for a Single
First Run Coming by Tajinder Good of the
Mark on the first ball Nishant Khanna is
Now on strike will be facing Rahul Saini
Rahul Saini Took First Wicket on the First
Ball Itself
And it's a wide
One run added to the score
Sh ball and what a shot this is it's a
Six Easily Set by Nishant Khanna
It Looked Like There Was No Strength No Power
Behind the shot just pure timing good shot
Selection and Rest of the Work Was Done by
The Pace of the Ball Itself
And another big hit, but this time it's out a
Very good catch by the deep mid-wicket fielder
Very Good Catch Nishant Khamba The Dangerous
Batsman going back to the pavilion
Two wickets in the first over itself
And of course you will have to go for big
Hits on almost each and every single ball
Because there are going to be four overs only
In each innings. So we don't have much time but
Think
Just go full on on each and every single
Delivery score as many runs as possible.
Four wickets down, two more to go over, a lot to happen
In This First Over Itself
o Sachin Prajapati wanted to go big but
it's a dot ball
to pull down on the side
Just a Single Same for a Single But Is
converted into double also direct hit
It's a direct hit. Let's See What The
Umpire says and he says not out.
Simply says not out. So we will have to go
With the umpire's decision only
first over
First over Gone and Two Dominators 10 runs
after two wickets over
Abhay Singh bowling in the second over it's a
Good full shot, play two overs, no fielder
Stop in the deep for four runs on the first ball
Itself good start of this over by
Prudent Domine
Four overs they must be trying to score
At least 40 and maybe even 50 runs if they reach
50 I Think That Score Can Be a Pain in the
Nose of the opposition that is team is
Shawl and what a good shot again there is no
Fielder to shot the batsman in the deep end
Another boundary to boundaries in a role
Two on first two balls
Good Start
Dominator Saf Singh is not welcome well
This it's a good shot towards the area and the
Fielders judge it well and let's see okay so
to run
Good running between the wickets
And it's a no ball as well
So Next Ball Is Going To Be A Favorite
And look at the shot and it's a six easy
Six more
Very good ball by Abhay Singh
and Tajinder Departs
So the third wicket goes down now.
and Tajinder
Tajinder made 17 runs off just six balls.
Was Looking So Dangerous
and Abhay Singh taking his wicket on a very
Crucial time, otherwise he could be even more
Dangerous in the Remaining Overs but a Very Good
Innings by Tajinder's 17 off just six
Balls.
Oh, miss it.
Yogesh Sharma is a new batsman.
Bhagat Singh will no ball the last ball of the
second over
Yogesh Sharma facing Abhay in this last over
of the second in this last ball of the second
Over
Full toss ball not a very good connection will
can easily be stopped by the third man fielder
Ending This Over With a Single Too Over Gone To
Dominators on 28 for three
It was a big over of 18 runs
Of course to a wicket but it was a very
Expensive Over
28 for three after two overs.
Good shot played to score in the leg area
Fielder in the deep on the other boundary
The third over has just begun to the boundary
A Good Shot By Yogesh Sharma
fame
And look at that shot it's a high and handsome
It's a Big Six
A Shot by Yogesh Sharma
shot all and ball
But this time there was no connection, it's a
dot ball
38 for three is the score after 220 overs
Fourth wicket goes down
End
Yogesh Sharma
by Yash 38 after 2.4
Good Shot But Again
Another Wicket Goes Down It Was A Very Good
Catch. Fifth wicket goes down this time.
two wickets in
Last ball of this third over
O Not a Very Good Connection But Still It Will
Give you a single, one run added on the last ball
Three overs gone to run Dominators on 39
Side
39 for five one more over to go now this is
The last over of this innings.
Very good ball but line is the issue started
With the wide. And the umpire has given it. So,
We can't just argue with the umpire.
have to go with this wide
Niranjan
Scene Niranjan bowling pretty well in the
previous matches also
A Big Slow One Full Toss Delivery Play
Towards the square leg area just for
Single 40 already for two run terminate
Question: Can they reach the 50-run mark?
And look shot what a timing what a
Shots: Six from mid-wicket
Secretary Prajapati
what a shot
And look at that one it's another six and the
Very good catch by Sahil and well
Two back to back sixes
Sachin Prajapati
And 50 is already Team Dominators
Better by Niranjan it's dot ball
Good delivery de stung appeal shot behind
End
It was denied by the umpire who said he was not out.
good shot play towards covers it's a big
The gap and the ball will easily reach the boundary.
Four more runs to the score. and four
First Innings Over 57
58 Going to Be the Target for Team S
Team S
And Team Team Zoom Blasters Who Are The
Finalist of Our Tournament That Captains
Are requested to come for the toss.
All right. So we have both the finalists with
As. We have Zoom Blasters and W
2W Warriors We Are The Captains With
As. And before we go for the toss I would
Like to ask the experience of both the
Players. What the Experience Has Been
Sir. You have played exceptionally well.
Priyank was exceptional while he
Was batting, he was especially when fielding
Sir, any experience of yours is outstanding.
How has the tournament been so far? Share this
would like to
More and Thank You
Staff Members All the Participants
For Training This Time
To come this event and you know making success.
Thank you and over to
Play Best For You All
Teams and wishing all the best to the
TW Team S Well. Thank you so much.
Thank you so much sir for the camera and you have
BeanException. My Best Wishes The End Now
Coming to Priyank. The Captain of the Team
WTW Warriors. Sir, we have
Played Wonderful Especially In The Field. you are
Way Too Quick and I Was Continuously
Appreciating it. As much as I can capture
I was appreciative from within more than I was
Was doing. But Your Experience Has Been
Like through out till now in the tournament.
Firstly, to begin with phenomenal
Experience, Extremely Happy to Reach the
Finals, could have been more.
Honestly, when we were here, quite a lot.
of players are you no playing with us for
The First We Know How Are
To Figure Out I Think You Know in the Couple of
Days Our Play Realizing Understanding The
Strength of Everyone and You Know Pretty
Happy pretty proud very excited for
The Finals I'm Sure We're Going You Know
pull up a great performance and I
The best thank you so much Priya for well and
Now we're going for the turs we have the
Umpire with us with the callers in here and sir
Who will go for the call alright so Priyank
Will Go for the Call
End
Here we go for the toss
Hades is the call and
Hades it is so
The toss and he has decided to bat now
We are happy for a great final match and
Wishing the best to both the captains and both the
Teams. Thank you so much.
Team Zoom Classes Requested to Come on the
Ground to start the match.
I am really very sorry. Torrent Terminators
We're still in love with the second inning of this
Third spot match. Student Dominators Is
Requested to come on the ground as soon as
Possible. So That We Can Start This Second
Inning.
The second innings starts here and
Sent the first ball for six runs
What a start by Tees
what a start
I think this is probably the first inning
That I am seeing there I am seeing a six
And the first ball of an inning.
And this time he has fielded it toward a
Fine leg fielder for just a single.
end look
And the ball went right on to the face of KD
After taking a thick edge of the bat I hope
fine
This time the ball is in the air. landed in the
Safe Zone Just For A Single And KD Is
Hopefully absolutely fine.
This is just the first over going on Mohammed
Mustafa
and continuously well so far in this
tournament
And again the ball is on the air can it because
The fielder at mid-off and the catch is dropped
Just a single on that one. This is the last
Ball of this first over. 49 Required Off
19 Balls and KD Has Placed It Towards
A point region just for a single and with
This single like it done with the first over 10
Overs I'm sorry 10 rns for no loss after
first over
Start of this first over was not that
good in terms of the bowling a team but the
The Kind of Comeback Mustafa Made Was
Exceptional first ball he was being it
For he was it for a six and then it was
one zero 1 so only five I'm sorry four
Ransom coming in the last five deliveries so
that was something think exceptional that is
Something Very Good by Mohammad Mustafa and
he has continuously shown it in the
tournament
Let's See How You Know This Second Over Goes
Rubel has come back on attack and he has also
Been so good in terms of bowling attack and
in terms fielding also
started this over with dot ball
good shot toward point region and it's a
Very Good Catch Very Good Catch by The Third Man
The fielder was running towards the point area
And the first wicket goes down, the team is loose.
KD and he made just to run
A Big Draw for Team Is We All Know KD Is
Capable of hitting big butt but since last two
Matches of course including this one so in
The two matches you know he could play as per huber
S on H potential
And I think there is also what has
costed team s to not do so well in the to
Matches
Rubel taking first wicket
For Team
Low full toss played towards covers for a single.
The required rate is continuously increasing
It is above 18 I think so almost almost
Unit 47 Runs on Sorry 46 Runs of 15 Balls
Now it's a wide so one run as I get 46
Required of just 15 balls
Good shot played towards mid wicket just for
A single singles are doubles are not going to
Win this match for Ace
45 off 14 balls is required
Again not a good connection inside ball vent
toward that toward the legs of the
batsman
Resulted in a dot ball
Good shot but again the timing will be better again
Just Single
Two overs gone team s on 14 of one
44 Still Required of Just 12 Balls You
have to make 22 runs in each over in order to
win this game
But no fielder to be same one run taken and
Converted into a comfortable double very good
running between the wickets and this is
Exactly what is needed but along with
This you have to go for some boundaries also
Without hitting boundaries it will be
Extremely Difficult to Win This Game
42 off just 11 balls very good bowling by
Sachin Prajapati
But the ball has reached the boundary towards
fine leg
There wasn't much problem with that
Particular Delivery
But still sometimes you're hit and your balls
are converted into boundaries even when
There are no flaws in that circular delivery
Niranjan
On four and Rahul Saini on nine
Goes to outside off stump another wide
One more run added to the score we
Good ball, good outside
Walking to Punch It Towards Covers
but resulted in a dot ball
Ball played in the air and a very easy catch
Good running catch by the wicketkeeper here.
catching up
And Niranjan will have to come back.
Could score eight runs in seven balls.
What DAV
Now we have to see who bats here.
Whether they were contacted or not
Last ball of the third over
He also played a full toss towards wide long on.
Good fielding, satisfied with just one run
It has to happen. Third here after one run
The over is being completed. 3 overs 22 runs 2
At the loss of a wicket and only one left
You have to score 36 runs in the over.
Again that leads to six sixes in an
over if you hit six six on all six
Then Only You Can Win the But Even Big
Question Hu Six Sixes
And great action
Of the bowler here.
Rahul starts bowling the fourth over.
have come
And their action in the air is very amazing.
Will the fielder be able to catch the game? No
He had no plans and I respect
that
Only one run.
Next ball and fair delivery
Right arm round the wicket can be seen here
Rahul Sharma is bowling
Rahul Saini is on strike. Rahul vs.
A male name
Good shot, didn't come that well on the bat
I tried as hard as I could
The batsman thought about it but it didn't matter.
The ball doesn't always get into the middle
33 runs needed in three balls
And here I have played a lot of games but
The fielder will definitely catch it easily.
With Bounce
And Rahul Saini ji was called back.
Because the new batsmen also
Two balls to play because his batting came
Not since morning
This is after the lockdown, after Covid, you
in batting
Last two balls and coming out on the first ball
have not survived
luck on your side
Otherwise it would have been very bad that only one ball
And that too everything in one ball
over and out
And he's played quite high up and here
But the fielder thought that I was not
I will catch
And with a run here
The match ends and Team Prudent
The Dominators have won this match.
By a good margin. So congratulations
To the Winning Team That Is Prudent
Dominators.
Give one this match by a big margin of 30
Runs.
and Prudent Dominators.
Prude Dominators All The
All the players of Team Prudent Dominators
I am requested to please come on the stage to
Collect the trophy. All the players of the team
Prudent Dominators.
All Dominator players, please come to the stage.
Go collect your trophy.
Alight so I request the Captain only for
The time being I request the captain of
Team Prudent Dominators Two
From the captain of the Student Dominators
Please
All right. Captain of the So Student Dominators
Are here with us. and before we
Go Further for the Trophy Collection and I
I would like to ask our captain, Captain Sahib.
How was your experience with us sir? Yours
The team played very well. But definitely when
The game is a cricket match and nowadays it
I have also found out that there is a tie too.
So if the decision is made in the super over then
It is true that only one team can win.
Both teams could be very good.
Could be the best in the world, but still
You will win because you played a very good game.
How was your experience of this tournament?
Anyone who wants to share
Experience is very good but last time
This team which has won us is weak in batting.
Our best has happened
Okay, so you're looking quite the player.
Our Captain Sahib is very kind and this too
Captain is the better half, so tell me how it is.
remained
first of all thank you
And one match at a match that was the only still
My team was the best team in the tournament
Let's Not Get
Come on, we're going to take this
And now I request the entire team to
Collect the trophy for Team Dominators
Team Dominators G loud applause please
Congratulations guys and best wishes for
The Upcoming Tournaments. Thank you.
All the players of Team WTW
Warriors and Team
and Zoom Blasters for all the players of Zoom
Blasters and TW Warriors
Requested to Come Towards the Commentary
Box please.
All the players of both final teams
What
Alright guys so now I request each and
Everybody to please be present where they are.
Now we are going for the national anthem before
We move further for the final match.
I request the DJ person to please play
The National Anthem Now
International
people
Alright so here we are all set for the final
Battle
And Team WTW Warriors have
One the toss and they have elected to bat
First in this final game and this too is
Going to be an eight over game only and lets
Hope for the toss let's hope for a close end
Cover Let's Hope for an Interesting Match All
Together and we're all set for this
Entertainment.
Let's Go for the Pressure and My Best
Wishes to Both the Teams They Have Played
Wonderfully well through out this tournament and
Now which ever team will play better?
Definitely not just this game, but this
The Entire Trophy That Is ICICI
Premier League 2026
Batsmen are requested to report to the
Ground
Batsman, please come to the ground.
And this is the start of the final match.
Both teams entered the ground with great enthusiasm.
descending
Ajay is starting the first innings of the
Final match.
The Final Battle
Warriors vs. Zoom Blasters
Team WTW Warriors Have The Toss
Elected to bat first both the teams are
Equally Strong They Have Played Exceptionally
Well so far in this tournament and now is
The time to show which team is better specially
In this match which ever team will play better
will win this tournament ICCI lam
Brokers Premier League 2026
The next ball is right arm round the wicket
Very good player towards covers for a
Single
And this time try to play towards on
Side it was a good shot not a very good
Connection But Look At Her Quickness Look How
Quick between the wickets and that's it
Really counts.
And Vihaan have open the innings and Ajay Sharma
On the Binge Attack
Two Runs Two Balls
Just to remind you that Weavers W
TW Warriors of Win the Toss to Bat
First this is just the first over of this
First inning of this final battle
and look at the shot look at that shot it's a
Big Six Wonderful Head by Priyan Tandon
No fielder has any chance
The Ball Through L Route
Ajay Verma
Not well welcome by Priyank and that is the
Kind of aggression which is required by
WTW Warriors
This Is The Final Game You Won't Get Any Chance
After This
And look at that mid-wicket fielder in the deep
Stopping the ball comfortably just a single
10 Ruddy From This Over To More Balls To
Ajay Verma being round the wicket to Vihaan
Sharma and it's wide one run added to the
Score
Go
Good ball Punch ball going towards backward
Point area for a comfortable single
The single first over is 13 from this over
without losing any wicket w
The Warriors
Good Start Warriors and of Course This
The match is an eight over format game
The Only One Thing That WTW Warriors
must be having in their mind is to